“Notice”
A warning is given to the reader by the author.

“Chapter 1”
The outcome of Huck and Tom's previous adventures are revealed. Widow Douglas' attempts to civilize Huck.

“Chapter 2”
Huck plays a trick on Jim in order to avoid getting caught sneaking out. Huck joins Tom Sawyer's gang.

“Chapter 3”
Huck is introduced to prayer. Huck's father Pap is rumored to have died, much to the relief of Huck. Tom's gang disbands.

“Chapter 4”
Huck finds evidence suggesting his father has come looking for him.

“Chapter 5”
Pap criticizes Huck's appearance and education. In an attempt to gain access to Huck's fortune Pap seeks custody of Huck.

“Chapter 6”
Pap continues to seek Huck's fortune. Pap kidnaps Huck only to almost kill him in a drunken stupor.

“Chapter 7”
Huck escapes his father after faking his own death.

“Chapter 8”
Huck hears of his own murder from a passing ferry boat. Huck finds Jim on Jackson Island.

“Chapter 9”
Huck and Jim take refuge as a storm rages. The pair make a "ghastly" discovery.

“Chapter 10”
Jim is bitten by a snake, causing Jim to fear that he and Huck have incurred some bad luck. After Jim recovers, Huck goes ashore to get information disguised as a girl.

“Chapter 11”
Huck learns that Pap is a suspect in his "murder" and that there is a bounty for Jim. Jackson Island is no longer safe for Huck and Jim.

“Chapter 12”
Huck and Jim build a wigwam on the raft to provide some shelter. The pair travel at night to avoid being seen. Huck and Jim encounter some thieves while exploring a sunken steamboat.

“Chapter 13”
Huck and Jim steal the robber's boat, but send a ferryman to rescue them from the wreckage. Huck feels he has done a good deed.

“Chapter 14”
Huck and Jim look through the items from the wrecked steamboat. Huck tells Jim the story of King Solomon.

“Chapter 15”
Huck and Jim are separated. Huck's view of Jim changes after he plays a mean trick on him.

“Chapter 16”
Huck and Jim are afraid they passed Cairo. Huck questions whether or not to turn Jim over to the authorities. Bad luck continues to follow Huck and Jim.

“Chapter 17”
Huck is invited to stay with the Grangerford family.

“Chapter 18”
Huck learns of the longstanding Grangerford-Shepherdson feud. Huck and Jim continued downstream after witnessing the feuding families in action.

“Chapter 19”
Huck and Jim are joined by the duke and the dauphin.

“Chapter 20”
The duke and the dauphin inquire about Jim. Huck and Jim get to the a performance by the duke and the dauphin.

“Chapter 21”
The duke and the dauphin continued to perfect their craft. Huck witnesses a shooting.

“Chapter 22”
Huck bears witness as a mob attempts to lynch Sherburn. Huck goes to the circus.

“Chapter 23”
The Royal Nonesuch draws a capacity crowd. The duke escapes before the townspeople can have their revenge. Jim longs to reunite with his family.

“Chapter 24”
Huck, Jim, the duke and the dauphin arrive in another town. The duke and the dauphin attempt to steal a deceased man's wealth.

“Chapter 25”
The deceased man's daughter gives a large sum of money to the dauphin. The town doctor is suspicious of the two men.

“Chapter 26”
Huck takes the money from the dauphin, intending to return it to the Wilks family.

“Chapter 27”
Huck hides the money in the deceased man's coffin, only to have it sealed by the undertaker before can remove it. The dauphin questions Huck about the missing money.

“Chapter 28”
Huck tells Mary Jane the truth about the dauphin and the duke. The real Wilks brothers arrive just in time for the auction.

“Chapter 29”
The duke and the dauphin are exposed as frauds. The gold is discovered when the deceased Wilks is exhumed. Huck escapes back to the raft, where he is once again joined by the duke and the dauphin.

“Chapter 30”
The duke and the dauphin explain how they escaped, but accuse each other stealing the gold.

“Chapter 31”
The dauphin betrays Jim. Huck searches for Jim, intent on freeing him from the Phelps farm.

“Chapter 32”
Huck goes to the Phelps farm to find and free Jim. Huck awaits the arrival of a good friend.

“Chapter 33”
Tom agrees to help Huck free Jim. Huck and Tom stay at the Phelps place, hoping to learn where Jim is being held. The dauphin and the duke get their just reward.

“Chapter 34”
Tom figures out the location of Jim. Huck and Tom come up with a plan to free Jim.

“Chapter 35”
Tom's plan helps to complicate Jim's escape.

“Chapter 36”
Helping Jim to escape proves to be harder than expected.

“Chapter 37”
Aunt Sally becomes suspicious after a number of items disappear, only to re-appear later. Huck and Tom bake a "witch pie" for Jim.

“Chapter 38”
Tom continues to complicate Jim's escape with unnecessary plans.

“Chapter 39”
Tom inadvertently infest the Phelps' house with rats. Tom writes an anonymous letter warning the Phelps of a plot to steal Jim.

“Chapter 40”
A group of locals show up to prevent the theft of Jim. Huck, Tom, and Jim narrowly escape down the river.

“Chapter 41”
Huck finds a doctor for Tom. The local farmers try to make sense of the previous night.

“Chapter 42”
Tom is brought to the Phelps house, still healing from his wounds. Jim is re-captured after sacrificing his freedom in order to save Tom. Tom reveals the late Miss Watsons' final wishes in regards to Jim's freedom.

“Chapter 43”
Jim is finally set free, Tom recovers from his wounds, and the fate of Huck's father is revealed.

 Chapter 1: “Jerry Muskrat Has a Fright”
Jerry’s friends warn him about the farmer’s son setting traps. After eating some carrots, he gets caught in a trap, but escapes.

Chapter 2: “The Convention at the Big Rock”
Mrs. Muskrat calls a convention of all the animals that live at the Smiling Pool and the Laughing Brook. She tells them about the traps and they all agree to talk to Great-Grandfather Frog.

 Chapter 3: “The Oracle of the Smiling Pool”
Jerry goes to get Grandfather Frog and take him to the Big Rock. When Mrs. Muskrat tells him about the traps he promises to tell them what to do the next day.

Chapter 4: “Grandfather Frog’s Plan”
Grandfather Frog tells the animals that they should hunt for all the traps, spring them, and bring the food back to the Big Rock for a feast.

Chapter 5: “A Busy Day at the Smiling Pool”
Jerry Muskrat and Joe Otter go hunting for a trap and spy a fish. Joe gets his claw stuck in a trap and they bury it underground. Joe Otter learns a lesson.

Chapter 6: “Farmer Brown’s Boy Is Puzzled”
Farmer Brown’s son went to visit the traps he set and, to his surprise and puzzlemet, found the traps sprung, empty, and buried under the ground.

Chapter 7: “Jerry Muskrat Makes a Discovery”
Jerry and Little Joe discover that the Smiling Pool’s water level is not as high as usual, so they go to see Grandfather Frog and tell him so.

Chapter 8: “Grandfather Frog Watches His Toes”
Grandfather Frog didn’t believe the young animals, so he conducted an experiment and found they were correct. The Smiling Pool was receding.

Chapter 9: “The Laughing Brook Stops Laughing”
Grandfather Frog notices that the Laughing Brook has stopped laughing and the Smiling Pool has stopped smiling. He goes to see Jerry Muskrat to tell him so.

Chapter 10: “Why the World Seemed Upside Down to Jerry Muskrat”
Jerry sits on the Big Rock and notices that his house is no longer underwater and that his whole world has turned upside down.

Chapter 11: “Five Heads Together”
Grandfather Frog deduces that the Smiling Pool is drying up because the Laughing Brook has stopped flowing.

Chapter 12: “A Hunt for Trouble”
A group of the animals, led by Grandfather Frog and Jerry Muskrat, went to see what was stopping the Laughing Brook. They are joined by Ol’ Mistah Buzzard.

Chapter 13: “Ol’ Mistah Buzzard Sees Something”
Ol’ Mistah Buzzard discovers the problem.

Chapter 14: “Spotty the Turtle Keeps Right on Going”
Because everyone wanted to be the one to find the trouble first, no one would wait for each other. Spotty the turtle was last and, because the others thought they were so much farther ahead than the rest, they all stopped to take a break. Spotty became the one who saw the problem first.

Chapter 15: “What Spotty the Turtle Found”
Spotty discovers a dam at the Laughing Brook.

Chapter 16: “The Pond in the Green Forest”
After spending the night, Spotty the turtle decides to try and see what’s on the other side of the dam. He tries and fails several times, but finally succeeds. He sees a beautiful pond.

 Chapter 17: “Who Had Made the Strange Pond?”
The animals speculate on who made the dam. Grandfather Frog suspects Jerry Muskrat’ cousin.

 Chapter 18: “Jerry Muskrat’s Big Cousin”
Grandfather explains to the young animals about Jerry’s cousin from the north. Billy Mink makes a smart remark to Grandfather Frog and is proven wrong.

Chapter 19: “Jerry Muskrat Has a Busy Day”
Grandfather Frog formulates a plan whereby Jerry Muskrat will gnaw and dig a hole in the dam and force water through it. Jerry sets off to work.

Chapter 20: “Jerry Has a Dreadful Disappointment”
Jerry and the animals discover that the hole in the dam has been mended and replugged.

Chapter 21: “Jerry Muskrat Keeps Watch”
After gnawing another hole in the dam and discovering it mended again. He stays there that night to see who is fixing the dam and meets his cousin from the north, Paddy the Beaver.

Chapter 22: “Jerry Loses His Fear”
Jerry and Paddy become friends. He makes up his mind to tell Paddy why he puts a hole in the dam.

Chapter 23: “Paddy the Beaver Does a Kind Deed”
Jerry tells Paddy about the Smiling Pond and asks him to live there too. Paddy declines and tells him the reason for the dam. Paddy agrees to find a new place to live.

Chapter 24: “A Merry Home-Going”
The animals, along with Paddy the Beaver, travel back to the Smiling Pond.

 Chapter 25: “Paddy the Beaver Decides to Stay”
The animals invite Paddy to live in the Smiling Pond, but he declines. He agrees to live in the Green Forest off of the Laughing Brook.

Adventure 1: “A Scandal in Bohemia”
The King of Bohemia seeks the help of Sherlock Holmes in securing a picture that could be used against him in the political scene.

Adventure 2: “The Red-Headed League”
A man comes to Sherlock Holmes seeking advice about the disappearance of a bizarre society of red-headed young men that are funded by a man who sympathized with red-headed men.

Adventure 3: “A Case of Identity”
Miss Sutherland entreats Sherlock Holmes to help her find her mysterious fiancee that has disappeared. However, he did not give her enough information in their rushed engagement.

Adventure 4: “The Boscombe Valley Mystery”
Sherlock Holmes is faced with the Boscombe Valley Tragedy, in which a man is murdered and is son is accused of the crime.

Adventure 5: “The Five Orange Pips”
Sherlock Holmes is faced with a bizarre case that is a family affair. Two brothers and a son all receive letters from the KKK, addressed from India that contain five dried orange pips, the omen of death. When it comes to be the son’s turn, he begs Holmes for his advice.

Adventure 6: “The Man with the Twisted Lip”
Mr. Watson finds Holmes in an opium den when looking for a friend who had been missing. Holmes is studying a case in which a man disappeared from the upstairs room of the den. All that was found was a deformed man with a limp and traces of the man’s blood and clothes with no apparent violence.

Adventure 7: “The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle”
On the day before Christmas a man is caught in a fight and looses a goose and his hat. Sherlock Holmes is trying to figure out who the hat belongs to, when a blue carbuncle is found in the goose.

Adventure 8: “The Adventure of the Speckled Band”
A woman comes to Sherlock Holmes begging for his help to solve the mystery of her sister’s death. Quite a sum of money is offered for their dowries and her sister consequently died before her wedding day. Now the woman is afraid that she will meet the same fate.

Adventure 9: “The Adventure of the Engineer’s Thumb”
A man knocks on Watson’s door early in the morning and he discovers he has a missing thumb from a murderous attack in the night. They resolve to go see Sherlock Holmes about the case.

Adventure 10: “The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor”
Sherlock Holmes is faced with the case of the Lord St. Simon marriage in which the bride disappears after the ceremony, excusing herself to her room claiming to have a sudden indisposition.

Adventure 11: “The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet”
A banker makes a very big loan to a prominent customer and receives a beryl coronet to hold. He discovers his son trying to harm it and he has a case against him when he begs for the expert help of Sherlock Holmes.

Adventure 12: “The Adventure of the Copper Beeches”
A woman employs Sherlock Holmes to keep watch over her as she takes a mysterious position as a governess. The woman has to comply to bizarre requirements and senses something amiss in the environment of the house.

Preface
Author's preface.

Chapter 1
Aunt Polly catches Tom misbehaving, but finds it hard to punish her late sisters child. Tom's fight with a stranger in town causes him to temporarily lose his freedom. The reader is introduced to Tom's half brother Sid.

Chapter 2
Tom finds a way to turn a profit from his punishment.

Chapter 3
Tom tries to attract the attention of Becky Thatcher. Tom is wrongly accused and punished by Aunt Polly when Sid has an accident, causing him to evaluate his importance in the world.

Chapter 4
Tom trades his profits from the whitewashing for tickets in order to win a prize at church. Tom is introduced to Judge Thatcher.

Chapter 5
The church breaks out is a sudden commotion when a dog has a run in with a beetle.

Chapter 6
Tom attempts to stay home from school, with painful and unexpected results. While going to school Tom runs into his friend Huckleberry Finn.

Chapter 7
Tom is punished for being late to school resulting in him meeting Becky Thatcher. Tom and Becky's lunch together does not end well for Tom.

Chapter 8
Tom plays hooky from school feeling bad about his lunch with Becky. Tom runs into his friend Joe Harper.

Chapter 9
Tom and Huck witness a commotion in the graveyard.

Chapter 10
Tom and Huck run to town. Fearing for their lives they take an oath to never reveal what they have seen and promise behave from then on.

Chapter 11
News of Dr. Robinson's murder spreads throughout St. Petersberg. Both Tom and Huck are greatly troubled by the arrest of an innocent man.

Chapter 12
Becky Thatcher's illness causes a change in Tom's behavior, which leads Aunt Polly to believe he is ill. Tom continues to seek the attention of Becky.

Chapter 13
Tom, feeling low and friendless, decides that he would be better suited to a life of crime. The gang of Tom, Huck, and Joe plan to meet that night.

Chapter 14
The "Pirates" borrow a raft, intending to camp at a nearby island. The boys are alarmed at the news of a drowning.

Chapter 15
Tom, having returned home temporarily, overhears his Aunt Polly speaking with Mrs. Harper. Tom, Joe, and Huck continue to pursue their new life as pirates.

Chapter 16
A sudden and fierce storm causes the boys to reexamine their decisions.

Chapter 17
St. Petersburg prepares for a somber day. Tom, Huck, and Joe's sudden and unexpected arrival changes the mood of the congregation.

Chapter 18
Tom and Joe find they are now held in high regard by their peers. Becky, feeling rejected by Tom, attempts to make him jealous.

Chapter 19
Aunt Polly confronts Tom for his dishonesty after paying a visit to Mrs. Harper. Aunt Polly discovers Tom's note. Tom's attempt to reconcile with Becky do not go as planned.

Chapter 20
While at school, Tom catches Becky in the act. Becky is not as satisfied by Tom's punishment as she had hoped. Tom decides to take the blame for something he did not do, receiving adoration from Becky in return.

Chapter 21
While Mr. Dobbins plans for the school's final exam, the boys form a plan to get back at Mr. Dobbins.

Chapter 22
Tom continues to look for distractions. Tom finds himself suddenly ill.

Chapter 23
With the start of Muff Potter's trial, Huck and Tom remember Muff's kindness.

Chapter 24
In court, the defense attorney calls forth a new witness. The real murderer makes an unexpected escape, while Muff finds himself embraced by the townspeople. With Injun Joe still on the loose, Tom continues to worry.

Chapter 25
The boys search for buried treasure leads them to a haunted house.

Chapter 26
The boys enter the haunted house and overhear a devious plan.

Chapter 27
Tom and Huck continue to search for treasure.

Chapter 28
Huck and Tom wait patiently for a chance to act.

Chapter 29
Becky returns from her vacation. Huck and Tom continue to hunt for treasure. Huck overhears a sinister plan for revenge.

Chapter 30
Huck seeks help in order to protect the Widow Douglas. Tom and Becky are discovered missing.

Chapter 31
Tom and Becky continue to explore.

Chapter 32
Tom and Becky are found and the cave is sealed off, presumably with Injun Joe inside.

Chapter 33
Injun Joe is finally found, causing Tom to feel a sense of relief. Tom and Huck return to the cave.

Chapter 34
Tom reveals a secret at Huck's surprise party.

Chapter 35
The disclosure of the buried treasure put the town in a frenzy. Huck and Tom find that there newfound wealth has changed their lives.

Conclusion
The author's conclusion.

 “The Ant and the Grasshopper”
The ants have plenty. The grasshopper is starving. He begs for food. The ants point out that he could have stored up food for winter.

 “Avaricious and Envious”
Two neighbors were in constant competition with each other, so Jupiter granted them a wish to teach them a lesson.

“The Bald Man and the Fly”
A fly torments a bald man who slaps his head trying to kill the fly. The fly escapes the slap and once again torments him. This time feeling wiser the man does not slap his head.

 “The Bat and the Weasels”
A bat uses whatever best choice he has at the time to save himself from predators.

 “The Bats, the Birds, and the Beasts”
The beasts and the birds are preparing for a conflict. Each group invites the bat to join with them. After the conflict is settled the bat wishes to be friends but neither group will have him.

 “The Bear and the Fox”
A bear and a fox have different views of the bear’s attitude towards what he eats.

“Belling the Cat”
The mice want to be safe from their enemy, the cat. One mouse had an idea to put a bell on the cat to warn the mice when the cat was near.

“The Belly and the Members”
The parts of the body feel they are working very hard and the belly is not. They decide to stop working until the belly works harder. The consequences of this decision gave the body parts an important lesson on teamwork.

“The Boy Hunting Locusts”
It’s the intention rather than the action that makes a good choice.

“The Boy Who Cried ‘Wolf’”
A shepherd boy falsely cries “wolf” twice just to get excitement from the villiage people, but when a real wolf comes and he cries “wolf” again, no one comes to his rescue. moral: no one believes a liar even when he tells the truth.

“The Bundle of Sticks”
A father teaches his sons the value of working together.

“The Cat-Maiden”
Jupiter and Venus argue if a living being can change its nature. Jupiter changes a cat into a maiden and has her marry. Venus lets loose a mouse during the wedding to see how she reacts. The maiden pounces on the mouse.

 “The Charcoal-Burner and the Fuller”
Two friends decide not to move in together because of their very opposite professions.

“The Crow and the Pitcher”
A thirsty Crow found a pitcher with very little water which he could not reach. He was able to quench his thirst and save his life in an innovative way.

“The Dog and the Shadow”
A fable about a dog who attacks his own shadow to get a larger piece of meat

“The Dog and the Wolf”
A starving Wolf is encouraged to come home with the Dog where he could work and be well fed. However, the Wolf would also be collared and chained. The Wolf decides he would rather be free and hungry than chained and well fed.

The Dog in the Manger
A dog won’t allow oxen to eat the hay upon which the dog is resting.

“The Donkey and the Grasshopper”
A donkey wishing to sing like the grasshoppers inquires about their diet. To sing like them he changes his diet to theirs and perishes.

“The Donkey in the Lion’s Skin”
A donkey disguised himself as a lion and was found out when he brayed.

“The Donkey, the Fox, and the Lion”
When a lion threatens to eat the fox and the donkey, the fox betrays his companion in an effort to rescue himself. In the end, the one who tried to keep himself out of danger was the first to be eaten.

“The Farmer and the Cranes”
First a farmer chases cranes out of his field. When they keep returning he shoots rocks at them with a sling shot. If words don’t work you must fight.

“The Farmer and the Snake”
A fable about a farmer who cares for a snake that then turns to bite him

“The Father and His Sons”
A fable about a father whose sons were not able to get along.

“The Fawn and His Mother”
A young fawn asks his mother why she is afraid of barking hounds. He points out how much faster, larger, and well armed with horns she is. Her answer shows her lack of courage.

“The Fisher and the Little Fish”
After fishing all day a fisherman has ony caught a tiny fish. The Fish begs to be put back in the water. The fisherman does not do so.

“The Flies and the Honeypot”
Flies are drawn to spilled honey. After over-eating they find they cannot pull their feet out of the honey and fly away. When you are greedy, you may not know when you have enough and pay a very high price.

“The Four Oxen and the Lion”
The importance of working together, even through disagreements.

“The Fox and the Cat”
A Fox was boasting to a Cat of his hundred ways of excaping enemies. When they heard a pack of houds coming the Cat ran up a tree and hid. The Fox though of many ways to escape, and while he debated the hounds caught him and the hungers killed him.

“The Fox and the Crow”
After telling Mistress Crow how much he admires her, Master Fox is able to trick her into dropping her meal. Master Fox snaps it up and eats it. Mistress Crow learns a hard lesson about insincere compliments.

 “The Fox and the Grapes”
A Fox wants a bunch of Grapes to quench his thirst. He jumps to reach them several times. He is not able to reach them. As he leaves he decideds the grapes are probably sour and he wouldn’t like them anyway.

“The Fox and the Lion”
The Fox saw the Lion and was terribly frightened. Next time he watched from a safe distance. The third time he passed the time of day with the Lion.

“The Fox and the Mosquitoes”
A Fox got its tail tangled in a bush and could not move. A number of Mosqitoes began biting the trapped Fox. A hedgehog offered to drive the mosqitoes away, but the fox refused.

“The Fox and the Stork”
The Fox served the Stork soup in a shallow dish. The Stork could not lap it up. The Stork served the Fox dinner in a long-necked jar into which the Fox could not lap. Does one bad turn deserve another?

“The Fox, the Rooster, and the Dog”
A Fox saw a Rooster sitting high beyond his reach in a hen-coop. He began to talk to the Rooster saying that King Lion had declared no beast may hurt a bird but all must live in friendship. When he saw a Dog coming toward him he ran saying the Dog may not have heard of King Lion’s decree.

“The Fox Without a Tail”
A Fox caught its tail in a trap and lost it. He felt ashamed. To feel better he asked the other foxes to do away with their tails.

The Frog and the Ox
A frog in an attempt to prove he is bigger than an ox blows himself up until he bursts. Be careful about how great you need to be. It can lead to your demise.

The Frog and the Ox
A fable about a big frog and a little frog that teaches how self-conceit leads to self-destruction.

“The Goose with the Golden Eggs”
A countryman found an egg in a Goose nest which proved to be solid gold. The countryman became weathy selling the continuous supply of golden eggs the Goose laid. Soon he grew greedy and thinking to get all the gold at once, he killed the Goose. He found nothing inside the Goose.

“The Hare and the Tortoise”
The Hare boasted of never being beaten in a race. The Tortoise accepted this challenge. The Hare stopped during the race for a nap and woke to find the Tortise about to cross the finish line.

“The Hart and the Hunter”
The Hart admires his antlers and dislikes his slim and slight legs. When escaping from a hunter, his legs swiftly carry him away, but his antlers get caught in a tree. This allows the hunter to come up on him. Sometimes we don’t appreciate what is most important. What is most valuable, the beautiful antlers or the skinny legs?

“The Hart in the Ox-Stall”
An animal being chased by hounds hids in the hay in a barn. When the hunters come into the barn they are told by the stable boys that they could see nothing. Shortly afterwards the master came in. He saw something unusual. He asked what the things sticking out of the hay might be. The Hart was discovered and done away with. Moral: Nothing escapes the eye of the master.

“Hercules and the Wagoner”
A carter prayed for help when his wagon became stuck. Hercules gave him some advice about helping himself and praying.

“Hercules and the Waggoner”
A Waggoner’s wheels sank deep into the mud. The horses could not pull it out. He prayed to Hercules for help. Hercules told him to help himself by helping the horses pull.

“The Herdsman and the Lost Bull”
A herdsman loses a calf. He bargains with the deities. He will sacrifice a lamb if they will help him find the calf. Next he discovers a lion eating his calf and adds a full-grow bull to the sacrifice just to escape the lion with his own life.

“The Horse, Hunter, and Stag”
A Horse and Stag quarreled. The Horse asked a Hunter to help him catch the Stag. The Horse agreed to wear a bridle and saddle to help the Hunter help him. After catching the Stag the Hunter would not take the bridle and saddle off.

“The Jay and the Peacock”
A Jay ties peacock feathers to his tail to appear more grandiose. The peacocks plucked away the feathers. The jays would not accept him back saying it takes more than fine feathers to make fine birds.

“The Kingdom of the Lion”
The king of beasts, the Lion, makes an effort to bring peace between all of the birds and beasts over which he has reign. Having completed his ruling, one of the animals has a comment. This fable has a surprise ending.

“The Labourer and the Nightingale”
A man who loved the Nightingale’s song set a trap for it and captured it. Since nightingales never sing in cages the man decided to eat it. The Nightingale bargained not to be eaten and to be set free. In return he would tell the man 3 things far bettter than eating him.

The Lion and the Mouse
The Lion wakes as a mouse runs across his face. He caught the mouse who begs to be let go with a promise to help the Lion someday. Later, the Lion is captured by hunters. The mouse gnaws the rope and sets the Lion free.

The Lion and the Mouse
A little Mouse wakened a sleeping Lion. Just as the Lion was about to eat the Mouse the Mouse cried out that he should be spared. Someday he might be able to do a good turn for the Lion. The Lion let the Mouse go. Much later, when the Lion was trapped the mouse gnawed the ropes holding him.

“The Lion and the Statue”
A Man and a Lion talked about the strength of men and lions. Each believed his species was stronger. The Man showed the Lion a statue of Hercules overcoming the Lion. The Lion believed this proved nothing because a man made the statue.

“The Lion in Love”
A lion goes to extremes to be allowed to marry the maiden he loves.

“The Lion, the Fox, and the Beasts”
Seeing that the Lion appeared to be dying, a Goat, Sheep, and a Calf came to receive the last wishes of the Lord of Beasts. Soon the Lion seemed to recover and saw a Fox. He asked why the fox did not come to pay his respects. The Fox responded that he saw hoof-marks going into the Lion’s cave and none coming out.

“The Man and His Two Wives”
A man’s two wives each want his hair a different way.

“The Man and the Lion”
A Man and a Lion each boast of their strength. Upon seeing a statue of a Man strangling a Lion the Man points out how strong man is. The Lion replies that if the statue had been made by Lions Man would be under the Lion’s paw.

“The Man and the Satyr”
A Man lost in a wood on a cold night was promised lodging for the night by the Satyr. The Satyr asked the Man why kept blowing on his hands. The Man replied that his breath warmed them. Once home with the Satyr he was given a hot bowl of food. He raised the spoonful and blew on it. The Satyr asked why he was now blowing on the food. The man replied that he was cooling the food which was too hot. Immediately the Satyr threw him out because he would not have anything to do with a person who could blow hot and cold.

“The Man and the Serpent”
A man takes revenge on a serpent that killed his son by cutting his tail. The serpent takes revenge on the man by killing his cattle. When both are satisfied with their revenge, the man tries to be friends with the serpent, but the serpent cannot forgive the loss of his tail. Moral: Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.

“The Man and the Wood”
A Man with an axe begged the Trees for a branch. The good-natured Trees gave him one of their branches. The man fixed it into the axe and began cutting down trees.

“The Man, the Boy, and the Donkey”
A Man and his son were going to market with their Donkey. One countryman who saw them told them a donkey was to ride upon, another countryman said the father ought to ride not the son, some women thought the boy shouldn’t have to walk, and then passerbys jeered at them for overloading the Donkey so. After thinking hard the Man and his son tied the Donkey to a pole and began to carry him. The Donkey ended up falling over a bridge and drowning. An old man who had seen all of this pointed out that in trying to please everyone they had pleased no one.

“The Milkmaid and Her Pail”
Patty the Milkmaid was going to market carrying milk in a Pail on her head. She began thinking of what she would do with the money she would get for the milk. She dreamed of a new frock and hat. She imagined tossing her head which caused her to toss her head back. The Pail fell off, the milk was spilt, and she had to tell her mother what she had done.

“The Miser and His Gold”
Once a Miser hid his gold at the foot of a tree. Every week he would dig it up and delight in how much was there. A robber noticed, dug up the gold, and took it away. When the Miser discovered his gold was gone a neighbor told him to come look at the hole in the ground as it would do just as much good as looking at the gold.

“The Mole and His Mother”
The Mole, naturally blind from birth, believes he can see with his eyes. His mother provides him with a lesson involving more than his eyesight.

“The Mountain in Labor”
A mountain was making groans and noises. Crowds came to see what was the matter. When they saw the answer they thought: Don’t make much ado about nothing.

“The Nurse and the Wolf”
A wolf overhears a child’s Nurse threaten to throw him out the window if he cries. The child cries, but when the Nurse sees the wolf she calls the dogs to chase the disappointed wolf away. The moral being, “Enemies’ promises were made to be broken.”

“The Peacock and Juno”
A peacock asked Juno for a beautiful voice in addition to beautiful feathers. Being Juno’s favorite bird didn’t seem enough. However, the voice was not granted.

“The Piglet, the Sheep, and the Goat”
A pig has reason to cry out.

“The Pomegranate, Apple-Tree, and Bramble”
Every thing would like to be thought of as greater in the world than it is, and it first thinks itself so.

“The Rooster and the Pearl”
The Rooster uncovers a precious pearl beneath the hay in the barnyard. Knowing it was a treasure in the world of people, he was not excited about what he had found for himself.

“The Raven and the Swan”
A raven tries to be something he is not.

“The Salt Merchant and His Donkey”
A donkey learns a lesson.

“The Serpent and the File”
A Serpent takes his anger out on a file which scratched him. He could do not harm and had to give up his anger.

“The Sick Lion”
As a Lion lay dying his subjects drew near. When the lion seemed on the point of death several animals decided to pay him off for old grudges. Moral: Only cowards insult dying majesty.

“The Swallow and the Crow”
A swallow and a crow argue about the value of their feathers.

“The Swallow and the Other Birds”
A country man sows hemp seeds and a swallow warns the birds to eat all the seeds up, the birds did not take the swallow’s advice and the seeds grew into a net of cords that caught the birds. Moral: destroy evil before it destroys you.

“The Tortoise and the Eagle”
A turtle who wishes to fly is destroyed when the wish is fulfilled. As the turtle is dying the realization comes that we should be careful what we wish for.

“The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse”
The Town Mouse visits the Country Mouse. The food was different from what the Town Mouse was used to. He complained and invited the Country Mouse to visit him in the city. During the Country Mouse’s visit he was frightened by his experiences. He decided it was better to eat poorly and be comfortably safe than eat richly and be afraid for one’s life.

“The Traveler and His Dog”
The Traveler is ready to leave on the journey when he sees his Dog in the doorway stretching. He snaps at the dog to get ready, blaming the dog for delaying them. Moral: The one who is late sometimes blames the tardiness on others who are already ready.

“The Tree and the Reed”
A boastful tree makes fun of a lowly reed but is blown to the ground by a hurricane. The reed is flexible in the wind and survives. Moral: obscurity often brings safety.

“The Two Crabs”
A mother crab was teaching her young one how to walk when he told her to follow her own plan and show him. Why would he say that?

“The Two Fellows and the Bear”
Two Fellows were traveling through a wood. A Bear rushed out upon them. One traveler hid himself among the leaves of a branch from a tree. The other threw himself on the ground. The Bear after much sniffing walked away. The fellow in the tree asked what Master Bruin whispered. His friend answered, “Never trust a friend who deserts you at a pinch.”

“The Two Pots”
A strong pot and a fragile pot are afloat in a stream, and if the stream’s currents should cause them to bump each other, the fragile pot will be hurt.

“The Wolf and the Crane”
A Wolf hired a Crane to put her head into his mouth and draw out a bone stuck in his throat. When the Crane demanded payment the Wolf told her she was already rewarded for escaping his jaws.

“The Wolf and the Kid”
A Kid perched on top of a house saw a Wolf passing by. He began to shout angrily at the Wolf. Moral: It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.

“The Wolf and the Lamb”
A Wolf looks for an excuse to justify eating a lamb. The lamb wouldn’t give the Wolf satisfaction, so the wolf ate the lamb anyway.

“The Wind and the Sun”
The Wind and Sun argued about who was stronger. They decided whichever could cause a traveler to take off his cloak would be seen as stronger. The Wind blew and the traveler wrapped his cloak more tightly around himself. The Sun shone and soon the traveler found it to hot to walk with his cloak on.

“The Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing”
This story gave rise to the idiom: “A wolf in sheep’s clothing.” A wolf covers himself with a sheepskin so he can hide in a herd of sheep. His plan is to get close to a sheep so he can attack successfully.

“The Woodman and the Serpent”
A Woodman took a Serpent that appeared to be dead home to warm it. As the Serpent came to life again a child reached out to touch it. The Serpent was about to sting the child when the Woodman cut the Serpent in two.

The Dog in the Manger
A dog makes a bed out of an ox’s straw-filled manger. Enraged when the ox returns and awakens him from his nap, the dog barks and bites at the ox, not allowing him to have his straw.

Part 1, Chapter 2
Newland shows is support for his fiance's family.

Part 1, Chapter 3
Archer and May officially announce their engagement.

Part 1, Chapter 4
Archer and May, now newly engaged, pay a visit to their many friends and relatives. Mrs. Mingott assists May in her wedding preparations.

Part 1, Chapter 5
Mr. Jackson has dinner at the Archer Family home. During dinner, Newland defends the Countess' recent behavior.

Part 1, Chapter 6
Newland ponders his upcoming marriage to May. Newland hopes that he can help the Countess be accepted in high society.

Part 1, Chapter 7
Newland and his mother tell the van der Luydens about the Countess' recent treatment. The van der Luydens extend an invitation to the Countess.

Part 1, Chapter 8
Newland continues to learn more details about the Countess Olenska's past. The Countess and Newland talk at the Duke's reception.

Part 1, Chapter 9
Archer pays a visit to the Countess at her home, where they discuss the many difficulties of life in New York.

Part 1, Chapter 10
Newland and May's discussion of their engagement leaves Newland questioning his future wife's ability to think for herself.

Part 1, Chapter 11
Newland decides he must protect Ellen from herself. Newland meets with Letterblair to discuss the Countess' affairs.

Part 1, Chapter 12
Newland warns Ellen about the possible outcome of the divorce.

Part 1, Chapter 13
At the theater, a particularly moving scene reminds Newland of the Countess.

Part 1, Chapter 14
Newland is approached by Ned as he leaves the theater. Newland accepts an invitation from friends, hoping to come into contact with the Countess.

Part 1, Chapter 15
Newland departs for Florida in spite of a request by Ellen.

Part 2, Chapter 16
Archer visits May in Florida, but finds his mind wondering as he talks with her.

Part 2, Chapter 17
Newland pays a visit to Mrs. Mingott. Medora asks a favor of Newland.

Part 2, Chapter 18
Newland and Ellen discuss possible futures.

Part 2, Chapter 19
May and Newland's wedding day finally comes.

Part 2, Chapter 20
Newland and May travel to Europe for the honeymoon, where they visit with friends.

Part 2, Chapter 21
The newlyweds return to New York where Newland avoids a chance encounter with Ellen.

Part 2, Chapter 22
Bored with married life, Newport decides to visit an old friend.

Part 2, Chapter 23
Newland travels to Boston.

Part 2, Chapter 24
Newland and Ellen's time together gives them the chance to catch up.

Part 2, Chapter 25
Upon arriving in New York, Newland is surprised to meet an acquaintance from London.

Part 2, Chapter 26
Newland discovers new details about Ellen's relationship with the Mingott family, following her decision regarding her marriage.

Part 2, Chapter 27
A financial disaster puts a damper on Newland's plans.

Part 2, Chapter 28
Newland sends a request to Ellen requesting her presence in New York. The Beaufort's financial and social situation continues to worsen.

Part 2, Chapter 29
Archer and Ellen once again discuss their relationship.

Part 2, Chapter 30
Changing circumstances bring Ellen and Newland together again.

Part 2, Chapter 31
Newland discovers that Ellen intends to stay in New York. May informs Newland of a new, unexpected friendship.

Part 2, Chapter 32
The affairs of Mrs. Beaufort and Ellen are the topic of conversation at the van der Luydens home. Newland is greatly affected by news concerning Ellen.

Part 2, Chapter 33
While attending a formal dinner for Ellen, Newland takes notice of the attendees' new kindness toward the honored guest.

Part 2, Chapter 34
After the passage of many years Newland, now widowed, travels to Paris with his son. Newland declines an invitation from his son.

Chapter I: The Parsonage
Agnes Grey narrates her family background and the circumstances that led to her employment as a governess.

Chapter II: First Lessons in the Art of Instruction
Agnes Grey meets the family for which she will be governess. The mistress and children are not quite what she expected.

Chapter III: A Few More Lessons
Agnes Grey details the challenges posed by her charges, and the strained relations she feels within the family. She rises to the challenge, determined to succeed.

Chapter IV: The Grandmamma
Agnes Grey details the behavior of the children, their father, and his mother. She laments the short vacation she was given to visit with her family, and finds understanding only in the nurse.

Chapter V: The Uncle
Agnes Grey describes the uncle and her reasons for disliking him. She relates the story of teaching Tom he can’t torture little birds. Mrs. Bloomfield makes a suprising announcement.

Chapter VI: The Parsonage Again
Agnes Grey spends time with her family, but finally determines to seek employment and try her hand at becoming a governess once more.

Chapter VII: Horton Lodge
Agnes Grey describes her new position and the family for whom she works.

Chapter VIII: The ‘Coming Out’
Miss Murray and Agnes Grey discuss the upcoming ball, family, and marriage.

Chapter IX: The Ball
The Murray girls tell Agnes Grey of the happenings while she was with family. Rosalie shows herself to be rather vain.

Chapter X: The Church
The ladies attend church. Agnes shares her views on the preaching of Hatfield and Weston.

Chapter XI: The Cottagers
Agnes Grey tells of visiting the poor cottagers. While on a visit, she learns more of Mr. Weston.

Chapter XII: The Shower
Agnes Grey visits Nancy Brown and has a chance to meet with Mr. Weston. Matilda scolds her for leaving.

Chapter XIII: The Primroses
The ladies frequent church, for varying reasons. Agnes Grey meets with Mr. Weson again, which leads to teasing from the Murray girls.

Chapter XIV: The Rector
Agnes Grey tries to supervise Miss Murray in her visits with the rector. She discovers the true depth of their relationship.

Chapter XV: The Walk
Miss Murray finds herself looking for a new source of entertainment. She and Agnes Grey go into town and meet with Mr. Weston.

Chapter XVI: The Substitution
Rosalie decides to take on a new conquest, but Agnes Grey feels somewhat less anxiety about the result.

Chapter XVII: Confessions
Agnes Grey details her confessions, and the wishes she hides in her heart.

Chapter XVIII: Mirth and Mourning
Rosalie is wed, and Agnes Grey and Matilda are left to entertain themselves. Agnes Grey finds that she is called home earlier than expected.

Chapter XIX: The Letter
The Grey ladies are concerned about what steps to take to secure their future. A letter arrives from the long lost grandfather, and a response is sent.

Chapter XX: The Farewell
Agnes Grey returns to Horton House, and prepares herself for the idea of never more seeing Mr. Weston.

Chapter XXI: The School
Agnes Grey tries to convince herself to abandon thoughts of hope regarding Mr. Weston. A letter arrives from Rosalie.

Chapter XXII: The Visit
Agnes Grey pays her visit to Ashby Park.

Chapter XXIII: The Park
Rosalie reveals her feelings about life and marriage.

Chapter XXIV: The Sands
A walk on the beach brings Agnes new hope.

Chapter XXV: Conclusion
Agnes arranges a meeting between her mother and Mr. Weston. She finds out the true meaning behind his visits.

Chapter I: Down the Rabbit-Hole
Alice, bored by her sister's reading, follows a passing rabbit down a hole.

Chapter II: The Pool of Tears
Alice increases in size after finishing the cake, causing her to question her own identity. Alice, having fallen in water, swims to shore.

Chapter III: A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
Now on the bank, Alice receives a history lesson from a mouse. Alice's story of her Dinah cat causes all the other animals to run away.

Chapter IV: The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
Alice is once again approached by the White Rabbit, but finds herself once again changed after having a drink. Alice ventures to the top of a giant mushroom.

Chapter V: Advice from a Caterpillar
The Caterpillar tells Alice how to change her size.

Chapter VI: Pig and Pepper
Upon exiting the woods, Alice enters a house and is introduced to the Duchess and Cheshire Cat.

Chapter VII: A Mad Tea-Party
Alice attends the Mad Hatter's Tea-Party.

Chapter VIII: The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
Alice, now in the garden, meets the Queen and King. Alice is spectator to a rather unusual croquet match.

Chapter IX: The Mock Turtle’s Story
Following the conclusion of the croquet game, Alice is sent to visit the Mock Turtle.

Chapter X: The Lobster Quadrille
The Mock Turtle and Gryphon demonstrate a dance for Alice. As the Mock Turtle finishes his song, Alice is whisked away.

Chapter XI: Who Stole the Tarts?
Alice witnesses the many strange behaviors of the King, Queen and attendees of the trial. Alice is called to testify.

Chapter XII: Alice’s Evidence
Alice's testimony angers the Queen, resulting in a harsh sentence before the verdict is read. Amidst the sudden chaos of Wonderland, Alice suddenly finds herself in more familiar surroundings.

Rambles in Florida, Part 1
An introduction to the history, landmarks, and natural life of Fernandina.

Rambles in Florida, Part 2
A description of the journey to—and arrival at—Cedar Key. The rail, the towns, and the various features of the landscape are described.

Rambles in Florida, Part 3
The journey continues to Tampa, where the workings of the city are observed. There are pests and problems as well as the beauty of the natural world.

Rambles in Florida, Part 4
The journey concludes with an exploration of Rocky Point, Pinellas, and the surroundings. A view of the workings and wildlife of the area is presented, with details of the history accompanying the descriptions.

The Legend of Sleepy Hollow
A superstitious schoolteacher comes to a mysterious end in the isolated glen of Sleepy Hollow.

Pigs is Pigs
Railway agent Mike Flannery wants to charge the livestock rate for a shipment of two guinea pigs. He refuses to accept the lower pet rate saying “Pigs is Pigs.” The grumbling customer complains to the railway company. Meanwhile while the guinea pigs reproduce and eat in Flannery’s stationhouse.

Rip Van Winkle
An idle villager experiences some strange events while taking a walk in the mountains.

Rodman the Keeper
“Rodman the Keeper” is a powerful tale that highlights the irreconcilable differences between Northern and Southern cultures, with dignity and sympathy allotted to representative characters of both worlds.

The Snow-Image: A Childish Miracle
Two children, Violet and Peony, construct a girl out of snow. This snow-image comes to life, however, their parents think she is a human girl and bring her inside where she promptly melts.

The Yellow Wallpaper
Following the birth of her child, the narrator is cared for by her physician husband at a country estate.

Chapter 1: Mrs. Rachel Lynde is Surprised
Mrs. Rachel Lynde receives word of a new addition to the Cuthbert home.

Chapter 2: Matthew Cuthbert is Surprised
Matthew Cuthbert finds a mistake has been made at the orphanage.

Chapter 3: Marilla Cuthbert is Surprised
Marilla voices her surprise at the arrival of Anne. Anne spends her first night at the Cuthbert house.

Chapter 4: Morning at Green Gables
Anne wakes to her first day at the Cuthbert house. Matthew devises a plan to allow Anne to stay.

Chapter 5: Anne's History
Anne tells Marilla how she came to be at the orphanage. Anne begins to have a change of heart.

Chapter 6: Marilla Makes Up Her Mind
A proposition is offered to Marilla by Mrs. Spencer.

Chapter 7: Anne Says Her Prayers
Marilla begins her upbringing of Anne.

Chapter 8: Anne's Bring-up is Begun
Marilla gives Anne some pleasant news.

Chapter 9: Mrs. Rachel Lynde Is Properly Horrified
Mrs. Rachel Lynde is introduced to Anne. Marilla empathizes with Anne.

Chapter 10: Anne's Apology
Matthew convinces Anne to change her mind. Marilla starts to develop a motherly affection for Anne.

Chapter 11: Anne's Impressions of Sunday-School
Anne is not impressed with the service at Sunday-school.

Chapter 12: A Solemn Vow and Promise
Anne and Diane Berry become fast friends. Marilla is impressed by Anne's generosity.

Chapter 13: The Delights of Anticipation
Anne is anxious to attend the church picnic.

Chapter 14: Anne's Confession
Anne is punished after Marilla's broach goes missing

Chapter 15: A Tempest in the School Teapot
Anne quickly adjusts to school but finds it unbearable once Gilbert Blythe shows up.

Chapter 16: Diana Is Invited to Tea with Tragic Results
Anne invites Diana to tea. An innocent mistake leads to a harsh sentence.

Chapter 17: A New Interest in Life
Longing to see Diana, Anne returns to school.

Chapter 18: Anne to the Rescue
Anne comes to the aid of the Barry family.

Chapter 19: A Concert a Catastrophe and a Confession
Anne and Diana's unexpected encounter with Josephine Barry leads to an unusual arrangement.

Chapter 20: A Good Imagination Gone Wrong
Anne's imagination becomes a nuisance to Marilla.

Chapter 21: A new Departure in Flavorings
The new minister and his wife have dinner at the Cuthbert house. A nervous Anne assists in the kitchen.

Chapter 22: Anne is Invited Out to Tea
Anne is invited to tea by Mrs. Allan. Avonlea awaits the arrival of a new teacher.

Chapter 23: Anne Comes to Grief in an Affair of Honor
Anne's defense of her honor ends in injury. The new teacher arrives.

Chapter 24: Miss Stacy and Her Pupils Get Up a Concert
Mrs. Rachel and Marilla question Miss Stacy's teaching methods.

Chapter 25: Matthew Insists on Puffed Sleeves
Matthew summons his courage to update Anne's wardrobe. Anne receives a gift from Diana's aunt.

Chapter 26: The Story Club Is Formed
In an attempt to help improve Diana's imagination, The Story Club is formed.

Chapter 27: Vanity and Vexation of Spirit
Anne attempts to change her hair color, causing less than desirable results.

Chapter 28: An Unfortunate Lily Maid
The reenactment of a piece of poetry results in a near disaster. Gilbert Blythe shows up just in time, but he is still not forgiven by Anne.

Chapter 29: An Epoch in Anne's Life
Anne's visit to Aunt Josephine's house gives her a new perspective on city-life and wealth.

Chapter 30: The Queens Class Is Organized
Anne is given the opportunity to prepare for the Queen's Academy exam. Matthew's health is cause for concern. Marilla continues to be impressed by Anne.

Chapter 31: Where the Brook and River Meet
Anne returns to her last year of school in Avonlea. Marilla begins to miss the younger, more imaginative Anne as her departure from Avonlea comes closer.

Chapter 32: The Pass List Is Out
The Avonlea Scholars take the exam.

Chapter 33: The Hotel Concert
Anne overcomes her stage fright to give a recital at a local upscale hotel.

Chapter 34: A Queen's Girl
Anne departs for Queen's Academy, taking comfort in the few familiar faces there.

Chapter 35: The Winter at Queen's
Anne's feelings regarding Gilbert start to change. The students prepare for exams as Anne admires the natural beauty of Queen's Academy.

Chapter 36: The Glory and the Dream
Exam results are posted, bringing positive news to Anne. The Cuthbert's continuing health problems concern Anne.

Chapter 37: The Reaper Whose Name Is Death
Bad news from the bank affects leaves a void in the Cuthbert house. Marilla tells Anne about her relationship with Mr. Blythe.

Chapter 38: The Bend in the Road
Anne makes declines an education opportunity in order to save Green Gables. Gilbert and Anne finally become friends.

Chapter 1: In Which Phileas Fogg and Passepartout Accept Each Other, the One as Master, the Other as Man Around the World in 80 Days
Phineas Fogg and his sole servant, Passepartout, become acquainted.

Chapter 2: In Which Passepartout is Convinced that He Has at Last Found His Ideal
Impressed by his new employer's composure, Passepartout feels he may have finally found an ideal situation.

Chapter 3: In Which a Conversation Takes Place Which Seems Likely to Cost Phileas Fogg Dear
An argument at the Reform Club results in a strange wager by Phileas Fogg.

Chapter 4: In Which Phileas Fogg Astounds Passepartout, His Servant
Phileas Fogg returns home to inform Passeportout of their upcoming expedition. Upon arriving at the local train station, Phileas is surprised to encounter a member of the Reform Club. Passepartout is admonished for his forgetfulness.

Chapter 5: In Which New Species of Funds, Unknown to the Moneyed Men, Appears on ‘Change’
As Phlieas Fogg departs by train amidst rumors and speculation regarding the nature of his journey. Phileas suddenly finds himself a suspect in a robbery.

Chapter 6: In Which Fix, the Detective, Betrays a Very Natural Impatience
In Suez, Detective Fox anxiously awaits the arrival of the Mongolia, believing the guilty party is on board. Passepartout approaches Detective Fix in an attempt to locate the British Consulate.

Chapter 7: Which Once More Demonstrates the Uselessness of Passports as Aids to Detectives
Detective Fix informs the consulate of his suspicions regarding Phileas Fogg.

Chapter 8: In Which Passepartout Talks Rather More, Perhaps, Than is Prudent
Detective Fix accompanies Passepartout on his errands in an attempt to better understand Phileas Fogg.

Chapter 9: In Which the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean Prove Propitious to the Designs of Phileas Fogg
As the Mongolia passes through the Red Sea, Phileas and Passepartout each pass the time in their own way. Having had his passport stamped, Phileas Fogg offers some incentive to the engineer to expedite the voyage to Bombay.

Chapter 10: In Which Passepartout is Only Too Glad to Get Off with the Loss of His Shoes
Phileas, having had his passport stamped, has a meal at the train station while Passepartout once again runs errands. A cultural misstep by Passepartout results in an incident at the temple and gives Detective Fix further grounds to obtain an arrest warrant.

Chapter 11: In Which Phileas Fogg Secures a Curious Means of Conveyance at a Fabulous Price
In Bombay, Phileas and Passepartout are joined by a Brigadier General, who proceeds to share his opinions with Phileas Fogg. Passepartout makes an alarming discover fearing that Phileas may be in danger of losing his wager.

Chapter 12: In Which Phileas Fogg and His Companions Venture Across the Indian Forests, and What Ensued
Phileas and Passepartout journey through India on an elephant. Sir Francis' explanation of the the suttee appalls both Passepartout and Phileas.

Chapter 13: In Which Passepartout Receives a New Proof That Fortune Favors the Brave
Phileas' heroic profession is quickly backed by both Sir Francis and Passepartout. As the Parsee guide divulges greater details about the condemned woman's life, Phileas becomes more determined to rescue Aouda. Passepartout devises an intricate plan to save Aouda.

Chapter 14: In Which Phileas Fogg Descends the Whole Length of the Beautiful Valley of the Gangs Without Ever Thinking of Seeing It
Phileas, Sir Francis, and Passepartout, having been successful in their rescue attempt, proceed on their journey accompanied by a liberated Aouda. Phileas' show of generosity towards the guide further pleases Passepartout. As time passes, Aouda awakens from her drug induced state, thankful of her rescuers actions.

Chapter 15: In Which the Bag of Banknotes Disgorges Some Thousands of Pounds More
Phileas and Passepartout are detained upon arrival in Calcutta, but quickly depart to Hong Kong after posting bond, much to detective Fix's disappointment.

Chapter 16: In Which Fix Does Not Seem to Understand in the Least What is Said to Him
Now aboard the Rangoon, Phileas and his fellow travelers proceed on their trip to Hong Kong, with Phileas spending a great deal of time with Aouda in the process. Still awaiting the arrival of an arrest warrant, Detective Fix quietly boards the Rangoon still pursuing Phileas Fogg.

Chapter 17: Showing What Happened on the Voyage from Singapore to Hong Kong
Passepartout questions Detective Fix's motivation after discovering him on the Rangoon. An oblivious Phileas continues to spend time with Aouda. The Rangoon enters high seas.

Chapter 18: In Which Phileas Fogg, Passepartout, and Fix Go Each About His Business
Passepartout, devoted to the completion of his master's objective, insists on helping the crew of the Rangoon in an attempt to expedite the voyage. Unable to locate a relative in Hong Kong, Aouda decides to accompany Phileas to Europe. Detective Fix is further agitated by the travelers' reserving of space on the Carnatic.

Chapter 19: In Which Passepartout Takes a Too Great Interest in His Master, and What Comes of It
Passepartout explores Hong Kong, admiring the diversity of its residents. Detective Fix finally divulges his true identity to Passepartout.

Chapter 20: In Which Fix Comes Face to Face with Phileas Fogg
Phileas continues to spend time with Aouda as they explore the streets of Hong Kong. Having missed the Carnatic's departure, Phileas is forced to find transport elsewhere. A deal is struck to arrange travel to Shanghai.

Chapter 21: In Which the Master of the “Tankadere” Runs Great Risk of Losing a Reward of Two Hundred Pounds
After a period of calm seas aboard the Tankadere, Phileas and Aouda arrive in Shanghai. Detective Fix is greatly affected by Phileas' kindness, evening offering to pay for his passage.

Chapter 22: In Which Passepartout Finds Out that, Even at the Antipodes, It is Convenient to Have Some Money in One’s Pocket
Passepartout awakes to find that he is alone aboard the Carnatic, eventually arriving in Yokohama.

Chapter 23: In Which Passepartout’s Nose Becomes Outrageously Long
The morning after arriving in Yokohama, a hungry Passepartout attempts to secure his next meal. Passepartout is reunited with his master and Aouda.

Chapter 24: During Which Mr. Fogg and Party Cross the Pacific Ocean
Phileas, Aouda, and Passepartout board the General Grant as they prepare to travel to America. Aouda tells Passepartout of her travels with Phileas. Detective Fix, disappointed by the sudden change of jurisdiction, continues to pursue Phileas and his fellow travelers, resulting in an altercation with Passepartout. Detective Fix finds has a change of heart in regards to Phileas Fogg's wager. Phileas reaches the half-way point.

Chapter 25: In Which a Slight Glimpse is Had of San Francisco Around the World in 80 Days
Phileas, Aouda, and Passepartout arrive in America, taking rooms and traveling out into the streets of San Francisco. After encountering Detective Fix, Phileas and Aouda find themselves in the midst of some political upheaval.

Chapter 26: In Which Phileas Fogg and Party Travel by the Pacific Railroad
The travelers continue on their journey across the American continent with some interruption.

Chapter 27: In Which Passepartout Undergoes, at a Speed of Twenty Miles an Hour, a Course of Mormon History
As the trip continues, Passepartout attends a lecture by a Mormon elder in Utah. After a tour of Salt Lake City, the travelers pick up another passenger before leaving town.

Chapter 28: In Which Passepartout Does Not Succeed in Making Anybody Listen to Reason
Unlike his fellow travelers, Phileas remains calm as the troubled journey continues. Aouda spots a familiar face on the train, prompting Passepartout and Detective Fox to take action.

Chapter 29: In Which Certain Incidents Are Narrated Which Are Only to be Met with on American Railroads
Phileas' game of whist is suddenly interrupted by Colonel Proctor, who he quickly challenges to a duel. A surprise attack forces the two to temporarily forget their differences. Passepartout is successful in his mission once again.

Chapter 30: In Which Phileas Fogg Simply Does His Duty
Following a valiant fight against the Sioux's attack, Phileas leads a party to rescue the captured prisoners. Phileas' successful rescue of Passepartout is greatly received by Aouda. Phileas plans the next leg of his trip.

Chapter 31: In Which Fix, the Detective, Considerably Furthers the Interests of Phileas Fogg
With the party now stranded at Fort Kearney, Fix presents a proposal to Phileas. The travelers continue heading east but still do not arrive in time to board the China.

Chapter 32: In Which Phileas Fogg Engages in a Direct Struggle with Bad Fortune
Having missed the China, Phileas searches for an alternative passage to Liverpool.

Chapter 33: In Which Phileas Fogg Shows Himself Equal to the Occasion
The travelers board the Henrietta, with Phileas eventually taking the helm as captain. Phileas brokers a deal with the captain, eventually arriving in Liverpool with time to spare. With Phileas now on British soil, Detective Fix finally makes use of his arrest warrant.

Chapter 34: In Which Phileas Fogg at Last Reaches London
Passeportout and Aouda protest the arrest of Phileas, who is being held in the Custom House of Liverpool. With the real thief captured, Phileas is finally released to conclude his journey.

Chapter 35: In Which Phileas Fogg Does Not Have to Repeat His Orders to Passepartout Twice
Phileas, having arrived back home, sets Aouda up in the guest room before shutting himself up in his room to ponder his predicament. After a proposal by Aouda, Phileas admits his true feelings.

Chapter 36: In Which Phileas Fogg’s Name is Once More at a Premium on Change
With Phileas' whereabouts unknown, the members of the Reforms Club, as well as all of London, anxiously await news on the fate of Phileas.

Chapter 37: In Which It is Shown That Phileas Fogg Gained Nothing by His Tour Around the World, Unless it Were Happiness
Having won his wager, Phileas prepares for his wedding. The events just prior to Phileas' arrival at the Reform Club are presented to the reader.

“At the Dry Tortugas During the War, Part 1”
The following is an account written by Emily Holder describing her memories of Fort Jefferson. They tell the poignant and often fascinating story of the hardships, isolation and drama of daily life at the Dry Tortugas in the nineteenth century.

“At the Dry Tortugas During the War, Part 2”
The following is an account written by Emily Holder describing her memories of Fort Jefferson. They tell the poignant and often fascinating story of the hardships, isolation and drama of daily life at the Dry Tortugas in the nineteenth century.

“At the Dry Tortugas During the War, Part 3”
The following is an account written by Emily Holder describing her memories of Fort Jefferson. They tell the poignant and often fascinating story of the hardships, isolation and drama of daily life at the Dry Tortugas in the nineteenth century.

“At the Dry Tortugas During the War, Part 4”
The following is an account written by Emily Holder describing her memories of Fort Jefferson. They tell the poignant and often fascinating story of the hardships, isolation and drama of daily life at the Dry Tortugas in the nineteenth century.

“At the Dry Tortugas During the War, Part 5”
The following is an account written by Emily Holder describing her memories of Fort Jefferson. They tell the poignant and often fascinating story of the hardships, isolation and drama of daily life at the Dry Tortugas in the nineteenth century.

Preface
The preface to the book.

Chapter 1
The narrator describes his early life at home with his mother.

Chapter 2
The Narrator reflects on his first day of school and understands the difference between the races and what they think of each other.

Chapter 3
The narrator reflects on his first exposure to Uncle Tom’s Cabin.

Chapter 4
The narrator describes his journey to Atlanta to attend school and the theft of his money when he gets there.

Chapter 5
The narrator finds a boarding house for “colored people” and becomes acquainted with the local black citizens.

Chapter 6
The narrator travels to New York City and describes ragtime music.

Chapter 7
The narrator describes “The Club.”

Chapter 8
The narrator is escorted into a small dark apartment where he is supposed to furnish musical entertainment for a small dinner party. He strikes up a friendly relationship with the host.

Chapter 9
The narrator leaves New York City and heads to Paris with his new friend. After spending a good deal of time together, they part company and the narrator heads for Boston.

Chapter 10
On the way to Boston, the narrator strikes up a conversation with another man regarding racial issues. Once in Boston, they continue to debate and discuss the social/racial problems of the day. The narrator comes upon several other interesting characters.

Chapter 11
The narrator reflects on his past and experiemce being a “white man.”

Chapter 1
Another day begins in the Babbitt household. The reader is introduced to George and Myra Babbitt.

Chapter 2
The Babbitt family assembles for breakfast. The reader is introduced to the Babbitt children, Verona, Ted, and little Tinka.

Chapter 3
George Babbitt departs for work after a brief discussion with his neighbor, Mr. Littlefield.

Chapter 4
George's assignment at the advertising agency leaves him feeling unsatisfied. George reaps the benefits of having advised Archibald Purdy in a real estate matter.

Chapter 5
George continues to admire Zenith as he prepares for lunch at the Athletic Club. Reluctantly, George acknowledges his feeling of discontent to Riesling.

Chapter 6
George and a client take a tour of a local tenement. George meets his father-in-law to ensure a good price on a future purchase. George decides to have a conversation about "morals" with his son.

Chapter 7
George gets updated on current affairs while Myra sleeps.

Chapter 8
George and Myra decide to throw a dinner party the local "intellects".

Chapter 9
After the conclusion of the dinner party, George makes a confession to Myra.

Chapter 10
George and Myra's visit to Riesling upsets Zilla. George and Riesling prepare to take a trip.

Chapter 11
Traveling from New York, the businessman in the smoking car discuss a number of issues.

Chapter 12
George, having recently returned from vacation, resolves to conduct himself differently in the coming year.

Chapter 13
George appointment as an official delegate comes with newfound sense respect.

Chapter 14
George's work on the Mayoral campaign results in ethically questionable compensation.

Chapter 15
In an attempt to be invited into a country club, George and Myra extend a dinner invitation.

Chapter 16
George continues his attempts at join a local club. Reverend Drew asks for George's assistance.

Chapter 17
The wealthy Eathorne's approval of George's suggestions gives him great pleasure. George's standing in the church continues to increase.

Chapter 18
George is concerned with Ted's choices and interests, which are contrary to his own. An incident at Ted's party causes tension between the Babbitt's and Littlefield's. A visit from family only increases George's irritation with matters at home.

Chapter 19
George's unethical practices continue to bring him monetary gain. A former employee threatens to reveal George's corrupt business practices. While on a business trip, George encounters Gerald Doak.

Chapter 20
Concerned for his friend's well-being, George waits for Riesling at his hotel room only to find out that things are not as they seem.

Chapter 21
George achieves a level of success as a member of the Booster's Club, and later learns some unsettling news regarding Riesling.

Chapter 22
Depressed without his friends, George seeks other outlets to distract him from his unsatisfactory life.

Chapter 23
An encounter with an old friend causes some unexpected changes in George's behavior.

Chapter 24
George's visit with Riesling leaves him feeling depressed and despondent. An attractive widow, Tanis Judique, drops by George's office for some assistance.

Chapter 25
George's fantasies continue to negatively affect his home life, as he considers more drastic measures to ease his restless mind.

Chapter 26
George encounters Seneca Doane on the train back to Zenith. George attempts to help Riesling with his legal matters, but is met with resistance from an embittered Zilla. George refuses to allow his son to transfer schools.

Chapter 27
A tense situation with striking workers in Zenith forces the National Guard to intervene. George's criticism of Reverend Drew's sermon causes a noticeable change in his friends demeanor towards him.

Chapter 28
George's relationship with Tanis takes a toll on his marriage, while his liberal opinions put him at odds with his friends.

Chapter 29
George's involvement with Tanis begins to take a toll on his health and reputation. George receives his first invitation into the Good Citizen's League.

Chapter 30
Myra's, having returned from her sister's, protests her husbands strange new behavior.

Chapter 31
Feeling guilty for his treatment of his Myra, George breaks off his relationship with Tanis.

Chapter 32
Myra confronts George with her suspicions. George's refusal to conform begins to greatly affect both is social and professional relationships.

Chapter 33
A sudden illness brings Myra and George closer. George receives another invitation to join the Good Citizen's League.

Chapter 34
George minimizes his involvement in the Good Citizen's League. Although he actively engages in unethical business practices, George hopes to the corruption in Zenith's business community will come to an end. A decision by Ted and Eunice divides the family while creating a sense of solidarity between father and son.

Preface
A preface by the author, giving some background about the book and her own life.

Chapter 1: Where I Was Born
The author discusses the place of her birth and her memories of her parents.

Chapter 2: Girlhood and its Sorrows
Elizabeth goes to live with her master's eldest son.

Chapter 3: How I Gained My Freedom
Elizabeth is given the opportunity to purchase the freedom of herself and her son.

Chapter 4: In the Family of Senator Jefferson Davis
Elizabeth goes to work for the Davis family as a free woman.

Chapter 5: My Introduction to Mrs. Lincoln
Now in Washington D.C., Elizabeth is introduced to Mrs. Lincoln.

Chapter 6: Willie Lincoln's Death-bed
Elizabeth is once again called to work at the White House. Willie Lincoln's health continues to worsen.

Chapter 7: Washington in 1862-1863
As the Civil War continues to escalate, the members of the Lincoln family begin to feel the strain of the conflict. Willie's death continues to affect Mrs. Lincoln.

Chapter 8: Candid Opinions
While working in the White House, Elizabeth overhears the private conversations of the President and Mrs. Lincoln.

Chapter 9: Behind the Scenes
Elizabeth describes her interactions with new freedmen and freedwomen in the White House. Mrs. Lincoln's debts continue to grow.

Chapter 10: The Second Inauguration
Mrs. Lincoln pays a visit to Elizabeth regarding a dress for the President's inauguration.

Chapter 11: The Assassination of President Lincoln
Elizabeth receives bad news regarding the President and his cabinet.

Chapter 12: Mrs. Lincoln leaves the White House Behind the Scenes
Following the death of President Lincoln, Mrs. Lincoln prepares to leave the White House. Elizabeth's business continues to prosper.

Chapter 13: The Origin of the Rivalry between Mr. Douglas and Mr. Lincoln
Elizabeth recounts Mr. Douglas' attempted courting of Miss Mary Todd.

Chapter 14: Old Friends
Elizabeth reminisces about Mrs. Anne Garland and her family.

Chapter 15: The Secret History of Mrs. Lincoln's Wardrobe in New York
Mrs. Lincoln's debts force her to part with some of her wardrobe.

Appendix—Letters from Mrs. Lincoln to Mrs. Keckley
Various correspondence between Mrs. Lincoln and Elizabeth.

Prelude of the Founder of the Danish House
"Lo, praise of the prowess of people-kings, of spear-armed Danes, in days long sped,"

Chapter 1
The beloved Beow takes his rightful place as heir to the throne of the Scyldings, who continue to experience prosperity.

Chapter 2
Grendel is angered by the constant happiness of the Scyldings. The Scyldings are driven from the great hall.

Chapter 3


Chapter 4


Chapter 5


Chapter 6


Chapter 7


Chapter 8


Chapter 9


Chapter 10


Chapter 11


Chapter 12


Chapter 13


Chapter 14


Chapter 15


Chapter 16


Chapter 17


Chapter 18


Chapter 19


Chapter 20


Chapter 21


Chapter 22


Chapter 23


Chapter 24


Chapter 25


Chapter 26


Chapter 27


Chapter 28


Chapter 29


Chapter 30


Chapter 31


Chapter 32


Chapter 33


Chapter 34


Chapter 35


Chapter 36


Chapter 37


Chapter 38


Chapter 39


Chapter 40


Chapter 41


Chapter I: “The New-Comers”
Two women, Bertha and Monica, are watching their new neighbors move in. The woman does not act lady-like and her nephew is quite broad. The cabman unloads a good amount of various types of sports equipment.

Chapter II: “Breaking the Ice”
Monica and Bertha visit their new neighbors, Mrs. Westmacott and her nephew, and determine she is a very unpleasant woman.

Chapter III: “Dwellers in the Wilderness”
New characters are introduced, such as Hay Denver and Dr. Walker and his two daughters, all acquainted with Mrs. Westmacott and her nephew. Their relationships are developed through dialogue as they head to the country to get fresh air and exercise.

Chapter IV: “A Sister’s Secret”
Charles Westmacott is in the care of his aunt because his parents were killed in the Mutiny. Clara and Charles have been talking and as Clara leaves she sees her sister conversing with Harold Denver. Clara presses Ida to tell her what happened between them, but Ida will not allow herself to be looked after. Clara has placed herself in the role of a mother to Ida and cares for her future.

Chapter V: “A Naval Conquest”
Mrs. Westmacott convinces the admiral to join the women’s rights platform. It exhibits her use of flattery and cunning to win him over.

Chapter VI: “An Old Story”
Mrs. Westmacott wishes Charles to marry Ida and talks to Clara about arranging it as such. Clara has a conflict between her thoughts of Charles and Harold for Ida, but resolves to let things play out their natural course. Shortly after, Harold approaches Clara and, expecting him to propose marriage to Ida, proposes to her instead.

Chapter VII: “Venit Tandem Felicitas”
Charles sends a clumsily written letter to Ida asking her if she would accompany him on his tandem tricycle. She accepts and as they ride, he asks her to marry him. She pities him and concedes that she will think about it. However, when he grabs her hand, she does not pull away.

Chapter VIII: “Shadows Before”
Mrs. Westmacott becomes more acquainted with the Doctor, until it appears they plan to marry. Clara and Ida decide to convince their father not to marry Mrs. Westmacott by imitating her emancipated dress and liberal beliefs.

Chapter IX: “A Family Plot”
Clara and Ida carry out their scheme. Ida plays with chemicals in the kitchen while Clara reads maps and aspires to be a pilot. Meanwhile, they are learning to smoke and drink, all to their father’s horror.

Chapter X: “Women of the Future”
The two girls get more eccentric in their ways. Clara begins to wear knickers and Ida wears a short skirt. The two girls then throw a dinner party for Harold and Charles. That is the last straw for the Doctor and he realizes the error of his ways.

Chapter XI: “A Blot from the Blue”
Harold faces destruction when his partner, Mrs. Westmacott’s brother, abandons him with a massive debt that he may never be able to pay back. He tries to take a noble stand for his creditors and Clara vows to stay by him.

Chapter XII: “Friends in Need”
Clara wants to help Harold in the only way she can. She offers her money to him which amounts to L5000. However, her father knows Harold will not accept it and gives it to his parents to use in the most prudent way.

Chapter XIII: “In Strange Waters”
The Admiral sets out to go back to sea and instead sees a moneylenders advertisement. He decides to borrow the money to pay the enormous debt and ends up in the shabby office of two scam artists. They try to make a deal and the Admiral refuses with the advice of Charles. Charles resolves to take him to Mrs. Westmacott’s lawyer.

Chapter XIV: “Eastward Ho!”
He goes to the suggested lawyer and he says that he cannot give out a loan to an older man without life insurance. The Admiral is inspected by a doctor and is found to be in excellent help. The Admiral intervenes in a fight on the way to sell his pension.

Chapter XV: “Still Among Shoals”
The Admiral sells his pension and gets £5,000. Harold returns to his parents after meeting with his creditors and tells them the sum owed is less than expected. They rejoice and Harold runs to Dr. Walker to return his cheque. Dr. Walker tells Harold how his father obtained the money and he runs back to the Admiral and demands that he get his pension back.

Chapter XVI: “A Midnight Visitor”
The two sisters witness a man enter through the window of Mrs. Westmacott’s home and see her fall to the ground. They think the visitor was expected, however when she falls they immediately call for help. He hit her on the back of the head with a life preserver, but she is alright.

Chapter XVII: “In Port at Last”
Mrs. Westmacott recounts the story to the Doctor and the Admiral after giving the Admiral his pension papers back. She spent the money that she was going to give to her brother on the Admiral’s papers. Her brother returned to her and was the one who struck her on the head. Harold is able to clear his name, the Admiral does not have to return to sea or move from his villa, both couples get married, and all live a full and happy life.

Chapter 1: A Little Snow Bird
A new child is born to the Bird family on Christmas Day.

Chapter 2: Drooping Wings
Young Carol has grown older, but her health has been in decline.

Chapter 3: The Bird's Nest
The Bird family prepares for another Christmas.

Chapter 4: Birds of a Feather Flock Together
The many members of the Bird family return home to visit during the holidays.

Chapter 5: Some Other Birds Are Taught to Fly
Carol extends an invitation to the Ruggles.

Chapter 6: When the Pie was Opened, The Birds Began to Sing
The Bird's and the Ruggle's have Christmas dinner.

Chapter 7: The Birdling Flies Away
The church-choir sings as Carol gets some much needed rest.

Part 1, Chapter 1: My Early Home
The narrator describes life as a young horse.

Part 1, Chapter 2: The Hunt
The narrator is taken on his first hunt.

Part 1, Chapter 3: My Breaking In
The narrator is taught to wear a saddle.

Part 1, Chapter 4: Birtwick Park
Black Beauty describes his life and surroundings in Birtwick Park.

Part 1, Chapter 5: A Fair Start
Still in pleasant surroundings, Black Beauty learns a few things about his lineage, and meets some of the other horses in the stables.

Part 1, Chapter 6: Liberty
Black Beauty finds that his new duties are somewhat restricting.

Part 1, Chapter 7: Ginger
Ginger tells the story of her life to Black Beauty.

Part 1, Chapter 8: Ginger's Story Continued
Ginger tells more of her life's story to Black Beauty.

Part 1, Chapter 9: Merrylegs
Merrylegs finds the vicar and his family's visits exhausting, and decides to take it upon himself to teach the young lads a lesson in courtesy.

Part 1, Chapter 10: A Talk in the Orchard
Merrylegs, Ginger, and Black Beauty discuss the limitations of being trained with blinders.

Part 1, Chapter 11: Plain Speaking
As time passes at Birtwick, Black Beauty comes to respect and appreciate his master more and more.

Part 1, Chapter 12: A Stormy Day
Black Beauty's intuition proves beneficial to his master while traveling in foul weather.

Part 1, Chapter 13: The Devil's Trade Mark
Having come across a cruel young man mistreating a horse, John ensures that he is taught a proper lesson about kindness towards animals.

Part 1, Chapter 14: James Howard
The master and John discuss the service of James Howard, a young assistant, who is now being offered a new opportunity for advancement.

Part 1, Chapter 15: The Old Hostler
En route to visit friends, the master stops at a local hotel where Black Beauty meets the Old Hostler, a longtime caretaker of horses.

Part 1, Chapter 16: The Fire
A potential tragedy is averted by the lifesaving heroism of James Howard.

Part 1, Chapter 17: John Manly's Talk
A James prepares to depart, a new stable boy is chosen as his replacement.

Part 1, Chapter 18: Going for the Doctor
Abstract: With Mrs. Gordon's health in decline, John and Black Beauty depart on an urgent mission.

Part 1, Chapter 19: Only Ignorance
Having taken ill, Black Beauty receives questionable medical treatment from the local horse doctor.

Part 1, Chapter 20: Joe Green
Joe Green continues to gain the confidence and respect of John and the master, and is eventually allowed to take charge of Black Beauty. Joe attempts to intervene on the behalf of two mistreated horses.

Part 1, Chapter 21: Parting
With the departure of the master's wife, Black Beauty's easy life in Birkshire begins to change dramatically.

Part 2, Chapter 22: Earlshall
Merrylegs and Black Beauty are taken to their new home in Earlshall Park, where they are introduced to Mr. York. John Manley says his final farewell to the pair. Gradually, Black Beauty and Merrylegs are reintroduced to the check rein.

Part 2, Chapter 23: A Strike for Liberty
The use of the check rein has unintended consequences for Ginger and Black Beauty.

Part 2, Chapter 24: The Lady Anne or a Runaway Horse
With the Earl and Mr. York away, Lady Anne and Blantyre decide to take a fateful trip on horseback.

Part 2, Chapter 25: Reuben Smith
Black Beauty describes his experiences with Reuben Smith, Mr. Yorks temporary replacement. Mr. Smith's irresponsibility causes great pain for Black Beauty.

Part 2, Chapter 26: How it Ended
Mr. Smith's actions and death cause a great stir, resulting in a full investigation of the incident. Black Beauty's recovery is slow and painful.

Part 2, Chapter 27: Ruined and Going Downhill
Having sufficiently healed from his injuries, Black Beauty bids farewell to an old friend and finds himself in a tolerable new surrounding.

Part 2, Chapter 28: A Job Horse and His Drivers
Now placed in the position of job horse, Black Beauty gives his account of the various driving styles his subjected to on a regular basis.

Part 2, Chapter 29: Cockneys
Black Beauty tells of another type of driver, the steam-engine style, who's irresponsible handling of a carriage can have grave consequences for a horse. Black Beauty spends some time with the good-natured mare, Peggy, before meeting his new master.

Part 2, Chapter 30: A Thief
A sudden decline in Black Beauty's health leads to the arrest of the stable groom.

Part 2, Chapter 31: A Humbug
Poor care by an irresponsible stable groom, results in an end to Black Beauty's service in Bath.

Part 3, Chapter 32: A Horse Fair
Black Beauty describes his time at the horse fair and introduction to a new master.

Part 3, Chapter 33: A London Cab Horse
After becoming acquainted with the rest of the Barker family, Black Beauty begins his duties as a cab.

Part 3, Chapter 34: An Old War Horse
Captain tells Black Beauty the story of his life, and his time at war.

Part 3, Chapter 35: Jerry Barker
Black Beauty shares some of his experiences with his new master, stable boy and driver.

Part 3, Chapter 36: The Sunday Club
A fortuitous run-in with Mr. Briggs, brings a positive change to Black Beauty's cab duties.

Part 3, Chapter 37: The Golden Rule
A special request is made of Jerry and his cab horses. Black Beauty takes advantage of a rare opportunity.

Part 3, Chapter 38: Dolly and a Real Gentleman
In the course of his duties, Jerry encounters a true gentleman.

Part 3, Chapter 39: Seedy Sam
Black Beauty describes the conditions some less fortunate cab horses endure, and the hardships of the working class cab driver as well.

Part 3, Chapter 40: Poor Ginger
Black Beauty is deeply troubled by an encounter with an old friend.

Part 3, Chapter 41: The Butcher
A visit to the butcher's shop provides Black Beauty with further insight as to the conditions that drivers and horses face in the course of their duties.

Part 3, Chapter 42: The Election
With an election approaching, a special request is made of Jerry by one of the candidates. Jerry discusses the meaning of liberty with Harry.

Part 3, Chapter 43: A Friend in Need
With election day upon them, Jerry and Black Beauty prepare for a very busy day. Jerry's paternal instincts take over when a rider in need arrives.

Part 3, Chapter 44: Old Captain and His Successor
An incident with a brewer's cart badly injures Captain. Black Beauty is introduced to Hotspur.

Part 3, Chapter 45: Jerry's New Year


Part 4, Chapter 46: Jakes and the Lady
Having been sold once again, Black Beauty meets his new master, but finds his time there short lived.

Part 4, Chapter 47: Hard Times
Now in the employment of a large cab company, Black Beauty is subjected to harsh treatment by his new master and drivers.

Part 4, Chapter 48: Farmer Thoroughgood and His Grandson Willie Black Beauty
Black Beauty is sold once more, this time to a much kinder master.

Part 4, Chapter 49: My Last Home
After a long and fruitful life, Black Beauty meets his final masters, and proceeds to spend the rest of his days in comfort.

Preface
The author explains to the reader that the basis for the book came from the story Book Farm.

Chapter I: “Old Moodie”
The narrator talks of the Veiled Lady and Mr. Moodie.

Chapter II: “Blithedale”
The narrator describes a journey through a storm.

Chapter III: “A Knot of Dreamers”
The introduction of Zenobia and the ideals the community plans to live by during their "experiment" at Blithedale

Chapter IV: “The Supper-Table”
The community is interrupted during their first evening together by the arrival of Hollingsworth and a mysterious stranger.

Chapter V: “Until Bedtime”
Coverdale observes his new companions.

Chapter VI: “Coverdale’s Sick-Chamber”
Coverdale is bed-ridden due to illness. He is attended by Hollingsworth during his rantings, forming a friendship between the men. Zenobia visits with gruel, and he tries to discover the secrets of her past.

Chapter VII: “The Convalescent”
Priscilla visits Coverdale with a gift. Hollingsworth and Coverdale argue about the ideas of philanthropy.

Chapter VIII: “A Modern Arcadia”
Coverdale compares the feminine characteristics of Zenobia and Priscilla. He discusses the plan for the community at Blithedale, and the reaction of those outside the community.

Chapter IX: “Hollingsworth, Zenobia, Priscilla”
Coverdale studies the relationships forming between Hollingsworth, Zenobia, and Priscilla. He tries to exert his own influence within this circle.

Chapter X: “A Visitor from Town”
Moodie reappears, on a mysterious visit to see the ladies of Blithedale.

Chapter XI: “The Wood-Path”
Coverdale encounters a stranger bound for Blithedale, and begins to question his involvement with Zenobia.

Chapter XII: “Coverdale’s Hermitage”
Coverdale uses his "hermitage" to try to learn more about the stranger and Zenobia's relationship.

Chapter XIII: “Zenobia’s Legend”
Zenobia tells a legend involving the mystery of the Veiled Lady.

Chapter XIV: “Eliot’s Pulpit”
The foursome spend time at Eliot's Pulpit, discussing issues of womens' rights.

Chapter XV: “A Crisis”
Hollingsworth and Coverdale face-off regarding the ideas of philanthropy held by the former and opposed by the latter.

Chapter XVI: “Leave-Takings”
Coverdale decides to leave Blithedale for the city.

Chapter XVII: “The Hotel”
Arriving in the city, Coverdale spends most of his time alone in his rooms.

Chapter XVIII: “The Boarding-House”
Coverdale is surprised to discover the identity of his neighbors.

Chapter XIX: “Zenobia’s Drawing-Room”
Zenobia and Coverdale meet again, though much has changed since their first meeting at Blithedale.

Chapter XX: “They Vanish”
Coverdale makes an attempt to "protect" Priscilla, who chooses to leave with Zenobia and the professor.

Chapter XXI: “An Old Acquaintance”
Coverdale seeks out Moodie, trying to discover the secrets of Priscilla's past.

Chapter XXII: “Fauntleroy”
Many questions are answered in the history told by Moodie.

Chapter XXIII: “A Village-Hall”
Once again, the Veiled Lady returns. Coverdale encounters several of his Blithedale companions.

Chapter XXIV: “The Masqueraders”
Upon his return to Blithedale, Coverdale stumbles upon a strange scene.

Chapter XXV: “The Three Together”
Issues are confronted as the foursome is once again reunited at Eliot's Pulpit.

Chapter XXVI: “Zenobia and Coverdale”
Zenobia breaks down and asks Coverdale to relay a message to Hollingsworth before disappearing into the woods.

Chapter XXVII: “Midnight”
Coverdale, Hollingsworth, and Foster are forced to take on an unhappy midnight search, with tragic results.

Chapter XXVIII: “Blithedale-Pasture”
The community at Blithedale hosts a funeral.

Chapter XXIX: “Miles Coverdale’s Confession”
Coverdale makes one final confession.

Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp
An impoverished young man named Aladdin is recruited by a sorcerer to retrieve a lamp from a booby-trapped magic cave. After the sorcerer attempts to double-cross him, Aladdin keeps the lamp for himself, and discovers that it summons a surly djinn that is bound to do the bidding of the person holding the lamp. With the aid of the djinn, Aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries princess Badroulbadour. The sorcerer returns and is able to get his hands on the lamp by tricking Aladdin’s wife, who is unaware of the lamp’s importance. Aladdin discovers a lesser, polite djinn is summoned by a ring loaned to him by the sorcerer but forgotten during the double-cross. Assisted by the lesser djinn, Aladdin recovers his wife and the lamp.

The Black Bull of Norroway
A story of a girl who marries a black bull after jesting about it to her sister. However the bull takes the form of a prince and they live happily ever after.

The History of Jack the Giant-Killer
A boy named Jack is able to conquer a number of giants with the help of magic and wit.

The Red Etin
A fairy tale about the sons of two widows that were on a quest to save the king’s daughters from the possession of the Red Etin, a horrible monster.

The Story of Prince Ahmed and the Fairy Paribanou, Part I
Prince Ahmed finds himself in a strange land and is found by a fairy who blesses his life with magical occurences.

The Story of Prince Ahmed and the Fairy Paribanou, Part II
Prince Ahmed finds himself in a strange land and is found by a fairy who blesses his life with magical occurences.

The Bunyip
A story about a group of youths that steal the child of a Bunyip and turn the town into swans.

The Cunning Hare
A litte hare has no parents and is raised by his grandmother. By great cunning, he is able to catch their dinner and also capture fire by a narrow escape from being eaten himself.

The Elf Maiden
A man is stranded on an island because of a trick his friend played on him out of jealousy. He meets another woman and they live a magical life.

The Enchanted Head
A man is cursed by a wicked fairy and is doomed to be only a head to the world. However, he is very powerful and is able to complete impossible deeds to impress the sultan and marry his daughter.

Father Grumbler
A fairy tale about Father Grumbler’’s hardships and the Holy Man’s attempts to help him. However, Father Grumbler does not heed the Holy Man’s directions and gets what he deserves.

Fortune and the Woodcutter
A man teaches his wife not to run after fortune, but rather to wait until it comes around on its own.

The Fox and the Lapp
A fox tricks a merchant and steals his fish. He meets all sorts of clever creatures that he must outsmart on his journey back.

Habogi
Helga, the youngest, prettiest and smartest of three daughters, requests what seems to be the simplest choice for a husband and because she trusts her situation, she receives the most extravagance of the three girls.

How Geirald the Coward Was Punished
Rosald, the son of a poor knight, and Geirald, the son of a rich man, head on a quest commissioned by Geirald’s father. In return for taking care of Rosald’s expenses, Geirald requests that Rosald give all credit of their quest to him. Rosald agrees and his ability to keep his promise proves to change his luck.

How Some Wild Animals Became Tame Ones
The miller’s wedding was to be a big event, therefore he invited men and animals alike. Various animals go on their way to the wedding until a young boy warns them of the cruelty of man. Those that don’t heed his advice never return from the wedding and remain the servants of man.

How the Little Brother Set Free His Big Brothers
The youngest of three sons is able to rescue his brothers with the help of some friends he meets along the way.

Kisa the Cat
A princess is captured and maimed by a giant and is rescued and made whole again by her childhood cat. When the princess marries, her cat is transformed into a beautiful princess. She had been under a spell that could only be broken by a good deed that had never been performed before.

The Knights of the Fish
A fairy tale about two boys born to a man who catches a magical fish. They go their separate ways and have their separate adventures. Both end in success.

The Lion and the Cat
The cat and the lion are brothers. Although the lion is stronger, the cat has a magical golden ball to protect himself. However, the ball is actually a handsome young man that is under a spell and can only be released by two young maidens.

The Mermaid and the Boy
A fairy tale in which a king promises a mermaid that he will give her his first born child. The prince that is born spends his life running from the mermaid and does escape her.

Pivi and Kabo
A short story with a protagonist and antagonist that mirror the good things that happen when one obeys directions and the bad things that occur when one doesn’t. Through magic “good” conquers “evil.”

The Prince and the Three Fates
A story of a prince who has three fates declared by fairies: a crocodile, a snake, and a dog. However, his wife proves to be stronger than his three fates.

Rubezahl
A fairy tale about the gnome Rubezahl who tried to understand the trickery of man by capturing a princess and marrying her.

The Sacred Milk of Koumongoe
A fairy tale about a girl rejected by her father. She falls in love with the son of an ogre and has a girl that is to be eaten by him. Instead the mother gives her to an old woman who raises her at the bottom of the lake. She is able to return to her family as a woman.

The Sister of the Sun
A fairy tale about a peasant boy that is set to many tasks and completes each through magic and the help of supernatural friends he meets along the way.

Story of the King Who Would Be Stronger than Fate
A fairy tale about a king who tries to change the fate of his daughter and instead insures the fate that has been assigned to her.

The Story of the Yara
A young man and maiden were to be married. However, every night the young man bathed in the small pools in the forest and the Yara sang to him, trying to lure him from his betrothed.

Story of Wali Dad the Simple-Hearted
An old man saves his money and does not know what to do with it. He buys a beautiful bracelet and gives it to a princess who sends him an extravagant gift that he then immediately sends to a prince. There is a constant exchange of gifts between the three until the old man is transformed into a man of great wealth and the prince and princess find each other.

Tale of a Tortoise and of a Mischievous Monkey
A fairy tale about the antics of a clever tortoise and a very mischievous monkey.

The Turtle and His Bride
A turtle asks a girl to marry him, and she consents, not taking him seriously. He then tries to force her to be his, and she finally gets revenge on him.

Which was the Foolishest?
Two wives wish to figure out which of their husbands are the most foolish, and devise plans to test them.

The Wicked Wolverine
A story about a wolverine who is not very kind and who does not get punishment for what he does.

The Busy Blue Jay, Chapter 1
A story about a blue jay named Jakie. This chapter focuses on his mischevious behavior.

The Busy Blue Jay, Chapter 2
A story about a blue jay named Jakie. This chapter focuses on the relationship between Jakie and the speaker.

“A Child of Spring”
A poem about springtime.

“Five Little Indian Brothers”
A short story about five kernels of corn growing in the Farmer Lane. The author uses this as a religious metaphor.

“How the Raindrops and Sunbeams Helped”
A short story about the first days of spring.

“Baby Caterpillar”
A short story about a caterpillar’s transformation into a butterfly.

“The Robin”
A short story about a robin who flies north in the springtime, builds a nest for his mate, and migrates south for the winter.

“Rock-A-By Baby”
A short story about the growth of a tree and its blooms of spring.

“Mother Nature’s House Cleaning”
A short story about the rain and the first few days of March/Spring.

“Nature’s Violet Children”
A short story about violets who were picked from their home in the forest and brought to little girl’s house. With the help of sunlight and a caged canary, the violets thought positively and blossomed.

“The Little New Year”
Maurice is visited by the little New Year and his cart of gifts. He shows Maurice the wonders of giving to others and the happiness that it brings.

“The Lily Sisters”
The short story of Easter and three young lillies.

“Buttercup Gold”
A short story explaining where buttercup flowers come from.

“The Raindrops”
A short story about raindrops who fall from the sky and form pools of water that get bigger and flow into the oceans. There, they help form a rainbow showing that even the smallest of things can help to make something beautiful.

“Glories”
A short story about noticing the beauty around you. Laura and baby Donald never noticed the beautiful glories growing in their backyard until Laura heard them speak to her. She and Donald played with them all afternoon. Laura learned the lesson well.

“A Fall Song”
A poem describing “The Fall of the Year” or Autumn.

“The Babies’ Blankets”
A short story where Mother Nature writes a letter to Father Winter to send her a blanket (of snow) to protect the flowers from Jack Frost’s cold winds.

“Love’s Garden”
A poem about love that uses religious and nature themes.

Chapter 1: Into the Primitive
Buck's pampered existence comes to a sudden and unexpected end.

Chapter 2: The Law of Club and Fang
Buck begins to understand the harsh nature of his new surroundings. Buck is put to work.

Chapter 3: The Dominant Primordial Beast
Buck struggles, but continues to prevail. Spitz and Buck nearly come to blows. The sled team continues down the trail, where an undeclared war comes to a dramatic end.

Chapter 4: Who Has Won to Mastership
Buck takes Spitz's old spot, proving himself to be very proficient in his new job.

Chapter 5: The Toil of Trace and Trail
The exhausted sled team arrives at Skaguay, where they meet their new owners.

Chapter 6: For the Love of a Man
Having been driven hard, Buck eventually begins to regain his strength. Buck faithfully serves his master John Thornton.

Chapter 7: The Sounding of the Call
John Thornton settles his debts and he and Buck head east where they soon find a good fortune, but it does not last. Buck joins a new pack.

Chapter I: “In the Far South”
The Rankin family is introduced, as well as the situation they face living in the Keys.

Chapter II: “Three Canoes, and the Fate of One”
Sumner and Mr. Manton begin to understand one another. There is a crisis with one of the canoes, which Sumner tries to remedy.

Chapter III: “Sumner Receives a Second Offer”
Sumner and the Mantons strike up a friendship because of the incident involving the schooner.

Chapter IV: “Teaching a Thief a Lesson”
Sumner and his mother agree to the plan. In the middle of the night, Sumner persues a stranger.

Chapter V: “The Great Florida Reef”
The author describes the canoe. Sumner and his companion, Worth, attempt to catch fish.

Chapter VI: “Pineapples and Sponges”
After fishing, Sumner and Worth go ashore to rest until morning. After breakfast, they were again on their way.

Chapter VII: “Mysterious Disappearance of the Canoes”
Upon returning from their exploration, the boys discover the canoes missing. Sumner decides to shoot a racoon.

Chapter VIII: “Life on the Lonely Island”
Deserted on the island, the boys make do and try to come up with a plan.

Chapter IX: “The Nocturnal Visitor”
Worth is sure that someone has tried to pull his gun away during the night. Sumner goes to investigate.

Chapter X: “Whose Are They? And Where Did They Come From?”
Sumner confronts Quorum, who confesses to trying to take the gun but says he knows nothing of the disappearing canoes.

Chapter XI: “Sumner Drifts Away on a Raft ”
While Quorum set out traps for the racoons, Worth and Sumner build a raft. Sumner takes off on the raft.

Chapter XII: “Picked up in the Gulf Stream”
Sumner continues to drift into the Gulf. He is reunited with his mother and discovers the answer to the missing canoes.

Chapter XIII: “A Mystery of the Reef”
Sumner tells Lieutenant Carey and his mother about Quorum and Worth.

Chapter XIV: “Worth and Quorom are Missing”
Sumner and the schooner head towards the deserted island. Once ashore, Sumner tries to locate Worth and Quorum.

Chapter XV: “Worth and Quorom in Search of Sumner”
Worth and Quorum seach for the missing Sumner.

Chapter XVI: “A Night in Alligator Light”
Assistant Keeper Albury explains to Quorum and Worth about the missing canoes. Quorum and Worth are rescued by Sumner.

Chapter XVII: “An Entertainment on the Key”
Everyone celebrated the return of Quorum and the boys. A feast and entertainment were planned.

Chapter XVIII: “Off for the Everglades”
The boys try their hand at fishing and discover a mysterious sloop.

Chapter XIX: “The Canoes Are Again Lost, and Again Found”
The canoes are lost — and found. Sumner finds out the identity of the voice from the sloop.

Chapter XX: “The Psyche as a Life-Boat”
Sumner attempts a rescue of Rust Norris, putting his own life at risk in the process.

Chapter XXI: “Sumner’s Self-Sacrifice”
Sumner struggles to save himself. Rust reveals the circumstances of his stranding and broken arm.

Chapter XXII: “Good-Bye to the Transit”
The ships are repaired and preparations are made for the travels through the Everglades.

Chapter XXIII: “Worth Meets a Panther”
Worth learns about alligators and panthers.

Chapter XXIV: “Rattlesnakes and Rifle-Shots”
There is fear brought on by snakes and mysterious gunshots. The men set up camp.

Chapter XXV: “Worth’s Lonely Night-Watch”
The men take turns keeping watch overnight before attempting entrance into the glades again. The lieutenant makes an interesting discovery.

Chapter XXVI: “The Florida Everglades”
The source of the gunshots is revealed. Quorum cooks up a feast. They make their way towards a smoking hill.

Chapter XXVII: “A Prehistoric Everglade Mound”
They search for the source of the smoke. Quorum and the boats suddenly disappear, leaving the rest to wonder who is responsible.

Chapter XXVIII: “What Became of Quorum and the Canoes”
Quorum's experience of events is revealed.

Chapter XXIX: “A Very Serious Predicament”
The men are not nearly as happy as Quorum. They struggle with making a plan of action, discussing the perils of adventuring.

Chapter XXX: “Quorum as an Ambassador”
Quorum returns to the camp. The travelers and the Indians come to an agreement.

Chapter XXXI: “A Closely Guarded Camp”
The construction of the Indian canoes is explained. The Lieutenant is unhappy to learn the limitations of their agreement with the Indians.

Chapter XXXII: “Crossing the ‘Glade Without Seeing Them”
Their journey across the Glades continues in the same way. They discuss their disappointment that they haven't seen anything of the native Indians' way of life.

Chapter XXXIII: “An Adventurous Deer-Hunt”
The lack of provisions sends the boys on a hunt for deer or wild turkey. They are suprised by a fire.

Chapter XXXIV: “Hemmed in by a Forest Fire”
Sumner and Worth struggle to escape the fire, but are confused by the dense smoke. They finally find assistance in the form of Ul-we.

Chapter XXXV: “The Boys in a Seminole Camp”
Ul-we takes the boys back to the Seminole camp, where they are cared for until they are able to return to their own party.

Chapter XXXVI: “One of the Rarest Animals in the World”
The party makes it to the coast, where they meet a mail-carrier.

Chapter XXXVII: “Fishing for Sharks”
The boys learn a lesson about shark fishing. The group meets up with the keeper of the house of refuge and his dog.

Chapter XXXVIII: “Little Ko-Wik-A Sails out to Sea”
The group undertakes the journey to Cape Florida, but faces a storm. Sumner finds himself attempting another daring rescue.

Chapter XXXIX: “A Black Squall and the Stranded Streamer”
Sumner manages to catch up to the other canoe, but finds himself and Ko-wik-a too far out to sea.

Chapter XL: “The Happy Ending of the Cruise”
All are reunited to make happy plans for the future. Sumner realizes the errors of his thinking.

Casey at the Bat
The Mudville Nine's star player is their only hope for winning the game.

Preface to the First Edition
The preface to the book.

Chapter I
On his wedding day, Conrad is crushed by a giant helmet. Menfred, Conrad’s father makes advances toward Isabella, Conrad’s betrothed.

Chapter II
There is news of the Princess’s death.

Chapter III
After receiving a visit from Jerome, Manfred confronts him calling him “Usurper”.

Chapter IV
Frederic explains to Hippolita that he is destined by Heaven to do her harm. When she explains that she understands, it grieves him.

Chapter V
Manfred is expelled and all is concluded.

Chapter I
The history of the family of the Earl of Athlin and the ongoing feud with Malcolm is introduced.

Chapter II
Osbert vows to avenge his father’s death, while Alleyn feels an attraction to Mary. They set out into battle, but face capture.

Chapter III
The Baron imprisons Osbert and Alleyn. Alleyn soon returns to Athlin with stories of his escape.

Chapter IV
Matilda falls into despair over the fate of her son. A letter arrives, bringing with it a new hope for his escape. Mary begins to think tenderly of Alleyn.

Chapter V
The Baron stops the attack on Dunbayne by threatening Osbert’s life. He offers up a trade: the Earl for his sister. Alleyn returns to Athlin and tries to help Matilda find another option.

Chapter VI
Osbert becomes acquainted with the Baroness. The deadline for the response to Malcolm approaches.

Chapter VII
The history of the inhabitants of Dunbayne is revealed.

Chapter VIII
Edmund arrives in Osbert’s cell, ready to enact the escape. Various obstacles arise during the attempted escape. Matilda and Mary learn of the fate of their loved ones.

Chapter IX
Alleyn reveals his feelings for Mary to Osbert. The Count offers a match for Mary, but she is hesitant to accept.

Chapter X
Malcolm reveals an important secret to the Baroness. Various relationships face the strictures of society, dependent upon class and status to survive.

Chapter XI
There is an attack and an impending marriage, delayed by a disappearance.

Chapter XII
Identities are revealed and the marriage unites the houses of Athlin and Dunbayne.

At the Sea-Side
A child digs holes at the edge of the sea.

Auntie’s Skirts
The poet focuses on his Aunt’s skirts.

Autumn Fires
The poet muses on fires.

Bed in Summer
This poem expresses the problem many people have with getting up when it is dark in the morning and going to bed in the evening when it is still light outside.

Block City
A child plays with furniture and imagination.

The Cow
A cow lives happily in a field.

Escape at Bedtime
A poem about enjoying looking at stars at night instead of going to bed. Caretakers finally catch the poet and put him to bed, but he can still remember the sights of the stars.

Farewell to the Farm
A child leaves his favorite place.

The Flowers
A child see flowers as fairy homes.

Foreign Lands
A child climbs into a tree and imagines seeing other places.

The Gardener
A child contemplates the gardener.

A Good Boy
A child behaves all day and has good dreams.

A Good Play
Children build a boat out of furniture and imagine sailing on the sea.

The Hayloft
A child plays in a hay-loft.

The Land of Counterpane
A child plays with toys in bed.

The Land of Nod
The poet ruminates on dreaming, where he can be on his own and explore all the strange things he sees, even though he forgets it all come morning.

The Land of Story-Books
A child plays hunter before bed time.

The Little Land
A child uses his imagination to travel and play.

The Moon
The poet talks about things that like to be out in moonlight and those that don’t.

My Bed is a Boat
A child goes to sleep and sails away on dreams.

My Kingdom
A child creates a world from imagination.

My Shadow
A child notices the movements of his shadow.

My Ship and I
A child dreams of sailing.

Nest Eggs
A child thinks about the eggs he sees.

Night and Day
Children and nature sleep at night; in day, they awaken and play.

North-West Passage
A child trudges up to bed.

Picture-Books in Winter
The world stays lush in books.

Pirate Story
Three children imagine themselves pirates.

Singing
The poet muses upon different sounds and people singing.

Summer Sun
A child contemplates the sun.

The Swing
A child enjoys playing on a swing.

To Any Reader
The ghosts of past playing children linger in the neighborhood.

The Unseen Playmate
An invisible friend plays with toys.

Where Go the Boats?
A poem which describes the river, sand, foam, and path of a river carrying a child’s boats down stream.

The Whole Duty of Children
Children should behave.

The Wind
The poet wonders about the wind.

Windy Nights
A man gallops around.

Winter-Time
A child talks about his life in winter.

Young Night-Thought
A child sees things at night.

“Preface”
The author's preface is stated.

“Stave I”
Ebenezer Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his deceased business partner. Marley's ghost warns Ebenezer to expect three more visitors.

“Stave II”
Ebenezer Scrooge nervously waits for the first spirit. Ebenezer is confronted with events from his childhood.

“Stave III”
The second spirit takes Ebenezor to the Cratchit home.

“Stave IV”
The final spirit arrives to reveal an ominous future to Ebenezer Scrooge.

“Stave V”
Ebnezer awakes on Christmas morning a changed man.

Ain't I a Woman?
Sojourner Truth addresses the subject of equality at the 1851 Women's Convention in Akron, Ohio.

Excerpt from Frederick Douglass' Speech to the People of Rochester, New York on the Hypocrisy of Slavery, July 4, 1852
Excerpt from Frederick Douglass' speech outlining the hypocritical nature of slavery in the United States of America.

Speech on Lynch Law in America, Given by Ida B. Wells in Chicago, Illinois, January, 1900
Ida B. Wells' speech concerning the prevalence of lynching throughout the United States, as well as the racial bias of the judicial system.

Speech Cautioning Americans to Deal Justly with His People, January 12, 1854
A widely publicized speech arguing in favor of ecological responsibility and respect of native Americans' land rights.

The Struggle for Human Rights, Paris, France, September 28, 1948
Eleanor Roosevelt discusses the importance human rights.

"Solitude of Self," Address before the Committee of the Judiciary of the United States Congress, January 18, 1892
Elizabeth Cady Stanton addresses the Committee of the Judiciary of the United States Congress in January of 1892.

Is it a Crime for a Citizen of the United States to Vote?
Susan B. Anthony discusses her arrest for attempting to vote.

The Surrender of Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce, Montana Territory, October 5, 1877 Chief Joseph's Own Story
Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce surrenders to General Nelson A. Miles in October of 1877.

Remarks from a debate on Capital Punishment with Judge Alfred J. Talley, New York City, October 27, 1924
Clarence Darrow's debate on capital punishment as presented to Judge Alfred J. Talley in New York City in October of 1924.

"No Compromise with the Evil of Slavery", Speech, 1854
William Lloyd Garrison discusses the far reaching implications of the institution slavery in the United States.

Preface
Preface to the work.

Memoir of the Author
This is a narrative of William Wells Brown's life and how he came out of slavery.

Chapter 1: The Negro Sale
Clotel, her sister Althesa, and her mother Currer are sold at a slave auction.

Chapter 2: Going to the South
Currer and Althesa head south with their new owner.

Chapter 3: The Negro Chase
Fear is overwhelming Currer after a runaway slave is hunted.

Chapter 4: The Quadroon's Home
Clotel and Horatio's relationship builds and changes.

Chapter 5: The Slave Market
Althesa goes to another slave market and is purchased by a new owner.

Chapter 6: The Religious Teacher
Hontz Synder gives a sermon to the people of the plantation.

Chapter 7: The Poor Whites, South
Synder talks about the poor whites in the South.

Chapter 8: The Seperation
Clotel's relationship with Horatio ends.

Chapter 9: The Man of Honour
Althesa goes home with her new master.

Chapter 10: The Young Christian
Georgiana speaks to her father, Mr. Peck, about her views on slavery.

Chapter 11: The Parson Poet
Carlton is surprised by an ad placed in the local newspaper. Mr. Peck writes a poem.

Chapter 12: A Night in the Parson's Kitchen
A dinner-party is held at Mr. Peck's house. Sam shares stories from his past.

Chapter 13: A Slave Hunting Parson
Carlton visits with Mr. Jones' slaves.

Chapter 14: A Free Woman Reduced to Slavery
Althesa helps her servant find freedom.

Chapter 15: To-Day a Mistress, Tomorrow A Slave
Clotel is sold once Horatio's wife finds out about her.

Chapter 16: Death of the Parson
Mr. Peck passes away.

Chapter 17: Retaliation
Horatio's wife mistreats Mary, Clotel's daughter.

Chapter 18: The Liberator
Georgiana and Carlton get married.

Chapter 19: Escape of Clotel
Clotel has some assistance escaping her current home.

Chapter 20: A True Democrat
Henry Morton gives his take on slavery.

Chapter 21: The Christian's Death
Georgiana's death leads to an early release of the slaves.

Chapter 22: A Ride in a Stage-Coach
Clotel takes an interesting stage coach ride to Richmond, Virginia.

Chapter 23: Truth Stranger than Fiction
Ellen and Jane Morton, Althesa's children, are sold after Henry Morton dies from Yellow Fever.

Chapter 24: The Arrest
Nat Turner interferes with Clotel's mission as a fugitive.

Chapter 25: Death is Freedom
Clotel escapes from the slave prison.

Chapter 26: The Escape
George Green, and his unfortunate situation, are introduced.

Chapter 27: The Mystery
George Green encounters a mysterious woman in a graveyard in France.

Chapter 28: The Happy Meeting
The mysterious woman of the graveyard is revealed.

Chapter 29: Conclusion
William Wells Brown wraps up the story.

Preface
Preface by the author.

Chapter 1: Retrospect
The author reflects on his family's experiences as slaves and the circumstances into which he was born.

Chapter 2: Communications, Etc.
A description of the circumstances that led Henry O. Flipper to seek his appointment at West Point as well as some excepts from the correspondence that followed.

Chapter 3: Reporting
Upon reporting to the academy at West Point, Henry gets his first taste of life as a Plebe.

Chapter 4: Can't Terms
A rundown of the terms and sayings that are commonly used by the cadets at West Point.

Chapter 5: Plebe Camp
A more in-depth description of the daily experiences and general treatment of the Plebe at West Point.

Chapter 6: Studies, Etc.
A description of the classes, both academic and military, that cadets were required to attend while at West Point.

Chapter 7: Yearling Camp
As the plebe period inevitably comes to an end, cadets enter the yearling phase of their education and instruction at West Point, resulting in the introduction of an ever expanding array of subject matter.

Chapter 8: First Class Camp
The author gives a thorough description of a cadet's first class camp experience.

Chapter 9: Our Future Heroes
The cadets take a much appreciated break from their academics to take part in a field day.

Chapter 10: Treatment
Henry describes the treatment he received while attending West Point.

Chapter 11: Resume
As another year at West Point commences, Henry comes to find that being a First Classman comes with added privilege and respect.

Chapter 12: Pleasures and Privileges
A description of the different privileges that are bestowed upon cadets depending on their rank and class.

Chapter 13: Furlough
The author describes the most desired privilege of any cadet at West Point.

Chapter 14: Incident, Humor, Etc.
The author recalls a variety of incidents that occurred during his time at West Point, some being more pleasant than others.

Chapter 15: Graduation—In the Army
Upon graduating from West Point, Lieutenant Flipper reports for active duty in the U.S. Army amidst much fanfare.

Chapter 16: Smith at West Point
The author tells the story of James Webster Smith.

Introduction
An Introduction to the pamphlet Common Sense, in which the authors explains the intended purpose of the text.

Part 1
The author discusses the origin and role of government.

Part 2
A section on the role of heredity and bloodlines in the succession of power.

Part 3
The author gives his opinion on the state of American affairs.

Part 4
The author's opinion of the current governing ability of American.

Appendix
Appendix to the work.

Preface and Introduction
The preface is a disclaimer signed by the author. In the introduction/explanation, the stranger tells the narrator his story of being a yankee in Connecticut.

Chapter 1: “Camelot”
The Yankee and Clarence come upon a town of poorly-dressed peasants and a huge procession. They follow the procession to the castle. The Yankee assumes that the castle is an asylum.

Chapter 2: “King Arthur’s Court”
The Yankee meets Clarence. The Yankee tells Clarence about an eclipse that will occur within a few days. Clarence waits to see if it’s true. Clarence tells him about being a prisoner.

Chapter 3: “Knights of the Table Round”
The Yankee is brought to the Round Table. Prisoners present themselves to Guenever. Sir Kay tells about Launcelot stealing his armor, and Merlin puts everyone to sleep.

Chapter 4: “Sir Dinadan the Humorist”
Sir Dinidan is the first to awaken after Merlin’s tale and plays a joke to waken everyone. Sir Kay tells of how he captured the Yankee and they discuss how to kill him with his magic clothes. Merlin suggests that they strip him and throw him in the dungeon.

Chapter 5: “An Inspiration”
Clarens tells the Yankee that he is to be burned at the stake. He asks Clarence to help him escape. Clarence denies him. The Yankee tells Clarence to tell the king that he’s a magician himself and he will ravage the kingdom if he is not let go. He makes it known that if he is put to death, he will block out the sun forever starting at the hour of his execution. Clarence moves the Yankee’s execution date up.

Chapter 6: “The Eclipse”
The Yankee resigns himself to die at the stake. As the monk chants over him, the eclipse begins. The king begs the Yankee to spare the sun. The Yankee gets the king to promise to make him his chief minister and executive and pay him a salary in return for the sun.

Chapter 7: “Merlin’s Tower”
The Yankee is dressed in fine clothes, but the people want another miracle. After Merlin speaks ill of the Yankee, he has Merlin banished to the dungeon. With Clarence to assist him, the Yankee attaches gunpower to the turrets. During a thunderstorm, the tower explodes.

Chapter 8: “The Boss”
The Yankee is comfortable in his new position, but has no title. He gains a title from the people, but is angered at the slavery and rule of the king. He likes the king, but does not respect him.

Chapter 9: “The Tournament”
The Yankee makes plans to start a newspaper. Because of a mix-up, Sir Sagramor challenges the Yankee to a battle. The king suggests to the Yankee that he should go out adventuring to gain reknown in order to make himself more worthy to fight Sir Sagamor.

Chapter 10: “Beginnings of Civilization”
The yankee declines the king’s suggestion. He starts a school system. He improves the mining system and begins to make the kingdom better and more functional. The Yankee trains Clarence to start a newspaper. the Yankee quadruples revenues and revamps tax methods, but the time comes for him to go questing.

Chapter 11: “The Yankee in Search of Adventures”
A maiden comes to the castle needing help rescuing 45 other women from three giant brothers. The king assigns it to the Yankee. The woman agrees to personally show him the way. He is dressed in his suit of armor and is on his way.

Chapter 12: “Slow Torture”
The Yankee is bothered by his armor and becomes irritable. The woman, Sandy, is annoying him with her constant inane babble.

Chapter 13: “Freemen”
The Yankee and his companions agree to stop for the night. They have no matches and no food. A storm comes and vermin crawl into the Yankee’s armor. He vows never to wear armor again. The Yankee invites some freemans to breakfast and chats with them on the subject of democracy.

Chapter 14: “‘Defend Thee, Lord’”
Seven men rush toward the Yankee, but are frightened away at the puffs of smoke coming from his pipe. Sandy makes the men swear to appear before the king and submit to the Yankee’s commands.

Chapter 15: “Sandy’s Tale”
Sandy speakes of Sir Gawain. The Yankee is bored and critcizes her storytelling.

Chapter 16: “Morgan Le Fay”
They reach a large castle and meet a knight who is depressed because he couldn’t convince anyone in the castle to take soap. They meet Morgan Le Fay. She sends the Yankee to the dungeon for complimenting King Arthur, her brother whom she hates. When Sandy reminds the court who the Yankee is, Morgan Le Fay passes it off as a joke.

Chapter 17: “A Royal Banquet”
Morgan Le Fay begs the Yankee to give them an exhibition of his powers. After prayer, a large dinner reception is held. An old woman interrupts the banquet to curse Le Fay for killing her grandson. Le Fay takes the Yankee to the dungeon to see a man being tortured on a rack. The Yankee asks to speak to the prisoner.

Chapter 18: “In the Queen’s Dungeons”
The prisoner confesses to the Yankee, but will not make it known to Le fay for fear of having his property taken away from his wife and child. the Yankee promises to send the prisoner to his colony for training. He promises to make Le Fay hang one day for her acts of violence. The Yankee reunites an imprisoned couple.

Chapter 19: “Knight-Erranty as a Trade”
Sandy continues her story.

Chapter 20: “The Ogre’s Castle”
They continue on their way and come to an ogre’s castle. He discovers that the castle is nothing but a pigsty watched over by swineherds. He buys the hogs and sets them free. Sandy insists that they are enchanted ladies. When the pigs are brought home, the Yankee begins to believe her.

Chapter 21: “The Pilgrims”
The Yankee and Sandy leave the house together. They join a procession of pilgrims going to the Valley of Holiness. The Yankee sees a procession of slaves and a young mother beaten. He vows to end slavery as soon as he can. They meet Sir Ozana Le Cure Hardy. The Yankee sends a message in Sir Ozana’s hat to Clarence.

Chapter 22: “The Holy Fountain”
The abbot is relieved to see the Yankee and insists he start at once. The Yankee declines saying that he is waiting for Merlin to finish. However, it’s a front as he is waiting for supplies from Camelot. The Yankee sees Merlin at the Holy Fountain (an ordinary well) trying spells. The Yankee goes down into the well and discovers the simple problem.

Chapter 23: “Restoration of the Fountain”
The Yankee has the area around the well cleared. He and his experts patch the well and put fireworks inside the well and prepare for a flashy miracle the next day. Merlin faints at the spectacle. The Yankee shows the monks how to work the pump.

Chapter 24: “A Rival Magician”
The abbot and the monks were eager to bathe. The Yankee finds a telephone office in an abandoned hermit’s cave. He calls Arthur and tells him that he will travel to Camelot. When he arrives, the Yankee is disappointed at the king’s choices for his army. The Yankee goes back to the monks and proves another magician a fraud. The Yankee checks on the progress of the king and makes arrangements for a large welcome.

Chapter 25: “A Competitive Examination”
The Yankee meets with the king’s officer examination board and helps the king choose his army. He makes a valid suggestion that the king readily accepts.

Chapter 26: “The First Newspaper”
The Yankee reads the first newspaper and is pleased, except for the tone of flippany of the writing. The monks are impressed with the paper and the Yankee is pleased.

Chapter 27: “The Yankee and the King Travel Incognito”
The Yankee and Arthur decide to wander through the countryside disguised as peasants. The king has a hard time acclimating to being a peasant.

Chapter 28: “Drilling the King”
The Yankee must constantly make up for the king’s blunders if they are to keep their disguises. The king tells the Yankee that he an even greater wizard than Merlin and the Yankee tells him that he can see into the future. The king quizzes him on the future of the world. The Yankee drills the king on how to act in a peasant dwelling and the king has a hard time adjusting to it, but finally catches on.

Chapter 29: “The Smallpox Hut”
The two come upon a hut with a woman dying of smallpox. The Yankee tries to convince the king to leave, but the king will not have it. Arthur brings the dying daughter to her mother and she proceeds to tell them about the cruelty of the church and the king and how they were excommunicated.

Chapter 30: “The Tragedy of the Manor-House”
The woman and her family members die at midnight. They hear the sons knocking and escape before they are spotted. They come upon people hanging from trees and see a mob of people. A storm comes and they escape. They find the manor of the house has been hanged and the family burned. The Yankee leads the mob to the three sons who escaped and killed the manor.

Chapter 31: “Marco”
The Yankee convinces the mob not to kill the men. They meet Marco. They run into a group of children who have strung up someone in imitating the adults. The Yankee invites the blacksmith to dinner.

Chapter 32: “Dowley’s Humiliation”
Dowley boasts of his success in financial matters and once the shop clerk has produced the bill (for the banquet) to the Yankee, the Yankee pays him in full and includes a sizeable tip. Dowley’s pride is wounded.

Chapter 33: “Sixth Century Political Economy”
The Yankee compares Dowley’s wages in his kingdom to those in Arthur’s kingdom. The guests are confused at the concept of real wages and the Yankee talks of trade unions. The Yankee talks about the cruelty of stoning and warns them that they may be stoned for breaking the law.

Chapter 34: “The Yankee and the King Sold as Slaves”
The Yankee and the king are taken for madmen and are chased by a mob of angry townspeople. When a nobleman saves them, they believe that they are free. They are taken to the square and, when they cannot provide proof that they are freemen, are sold as slaves.

Chapter 35: “A Pitiful Incident”
The slave dealer sees the king’s bravado and plans to beat the pride out of him. The king changes his mind and plans to abolish slavery. The Yankee hatches a plan of escape. They meet a young woman burned at the stake for being a witch and a young woman hanged. A priest promises to raise her baby as his own.

Chapter 36: “An Encounter in the Dark”
The Yankee sees Sandy who does not recognize him and he is relieved to see a newspaper. The dealer plans to sell the king and the Yankee to an old gentleman, but the Yankee plans an escape. When the escape goes terribly wrong, the Yankee is sent to prison.

Chapter 37: “An Awful Predicament”
The Yankee explains his situation as being and Earl’s property sent on an errand. The Yankee is immediately set free. He goes to the slave quarters and finds the master has been killed by the slaves. The slaves have all been condemned to death. The Yankee contacts Clarence and tells him to call Sir Launcelot to come and bring some knights. The Yankee is arrested as the missing slave and the hanging is arranged.

Chapter 38: “Sir Launcelot and Knights to the Rescue”
At the hanging, Arthur declares himself as king and he is met with jeers and ridicule. When the executioner comes to hang the king, the Yankee leaps up to save him and at that time, Launcelot rides in with his knights and Clarence, who has taught the knights to ride bicycles. The crowd makes their apologies to the king.

Chapter 39: “The Yankee’s Fight with the Knights”
The Yankee prepares for his battle with Sir Sagramor. They battle and the Yankee shoots him.

Chapter 40: “Three Years Later”
Three years later, the country is happy and prosperous. The Yankee plans to overthrow the Catholic Church and start universal suffrage after Arthur dies. The Yankee marries Sandy and they have a daughter who falls ill. They nurse her back to health. The Yankee introduces baseball to Camelot.

Chapter 41: “The Interdict”
When the Yankee and Sandy’s daughter, Hello, falls ill again, they spend weeks nursing her to health in France. The Yankee decides to travel back to England leaving his family in France. The Yankee arrives in Camelot to find it desolate.

Chapter 42: “WAR!”
Clarence reveals to the Yankee about Guenever’s affair with Launcelot, the war between Arthur and Launcelot, and the temporary rule of Mordred (who placed an interdict of the church placed on Camelot). Launcelot and Mordred killed each other in battle and the Church reversed the entire kingdom and brought it back to the way it was. The Yankee decrees that all of the old institutions of the church will be null. Clarence gathers boys for an army.

Chapter 43: “The Battle of the Sand Belt”
The Yankee sends word to all factories to evacuate all personnel for he plans to bomb the factories with secret mines. All of England is against the Yankee and plans to fight against him. When the boys are unsure, the Yankee reassures the boys that they will only have to fight the hated nobility.

Chapter 44: “A Postscript by Clarence”
The Yankee is stabbed and Clarence falls sick. Merlin casts a spell on the Yankee and is electrocutred. Clarence and the boy hide the Yankee’s body and agree to write more in the manuscript.

Final P.S. by M.T.
The narrator finishes the manuscript at dawn and goes to see the stranger who is awakening from a dream. He talks of a king and modern inventions and being sent backward in time. The stranger dies.

Chapter 1: Marseilles—The Arrival
In Marseilles, France the Pharon sailing ship docks, while a crowd of people watch. Dantes, meets with Monsieur Morrel, the ship's owner and discusses with him the sullen mood of the sailors.

Chapter 2: Father and Son
Dantes visits his father's home and Caderousse, their neighbor pays them a visit.

Chapter 3: The Catalans
Dantes visits Mercedes in village of the Catalans. While Mercedes waits for Dantes, Fernand tries to convince Mercedes to marry him instead. Upon the arrival of Dantes, Fernand runs away and is stopped by Danglars and Caderousse.

Chapter 4: Conspiracy
Danglars and Fernand talk about a plan to destroy Dantes happiness.

Chapter 5: The Marriage-Feast
During a celebration, Dantes is unexpectedly arrested, without any explanation.

Chapter 6: The Deputy Procureur du Roi.
In an aristocratic residences of Marseilles, Monsieur de Villefort is celebrating his betrothal when he is interrupted by a servant informing him of a Bonapartist plot discovery, including the arrest of Edmond Dantes.

Chapter 7: The Examination
Villefort questions Dantes and makes a serious discovery.

Chapter 8: The Chateau d'If
Dantes is taken to Chateau d'If, despite the promise Villefort made to him.

Chapter 9: The Evening of the Bethrothal
Villefort heads back to Madame de Saint-Meran's in the Place du Grand Cours and prepares for a trip to Paris. Mercedes stops by Villefort's home, and is offered no answers.

Chapter 10: The King's Closet at the Tuileries
Villefort visits King Louis XVIII to inform him of a conspiracy.

Chapter 11: The Corsican Ogre
The Minister of the Police arrives to inform King Louis XVIII that Bonaparte landed near Antibes, and is on his way to Paris.

Chapter 12: Father and Son
At his hotel, Villefort speaks with his father.

Chapter 13: The Hundred Days
Napoleon returns to Paris for his hundred day rein. Morrel visitis Villefort to plead for Dantes' release.

Chapter 14: The Two Prisoners
Dantes is visited by the inspector in his dungeon cell.

Chapter 15: Number 34 and Number 27
As Dantes becomes desperate in his dungeon cell, his neighboring prisoner rescues him.

Chapter 16: A Learned Italian
Dantes begins his friendship with the mad abbe.

Chapter 17: The Abbe's Chamber
Abbe teaches Dantes all he knows, and the two form a plot for escape.

Chapter 18: The Treasure
Abbe tells Dantes of a secret treasure.

Chapter 19: The Third Attack
Abbe has his third attack.

Chapter 20: The Cemetery of the Chateau D'If
Dantes thinks of his own plan to escape Chateau d'If.

Chapter 21: The Island of Tiboulen
Dantes reaches the Island of Tiboulen.

Chapter 22: The Smugglers
Dantes becomes a successful smuggler while on board his new vessel.

Chapter 23: The Island of Monte Cristo
Dantes visits the Island of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 24: The Secret Cave
After being left alone on the Island of Monte Cristo, Dantes searches for the treasure of Cardinal Spada.

Chapter 25: The Unknown
Dantes returns to Marseilles after aquiring a new yacht and all of the Spada treasures.

Chapter 26: The Pont du Gard Inn
Dantes visits Caderousse in disguise.

Chapter 27: The Story
Caderousse tells Dantes (Abbe Busoni) all of the stories of betrayal during Dantes' arrest.

Chapter 28: The Prison Register
Dantes, in a disguise of an Englishman, makes inquires about Morrel and Son, in order to help Morrel through his bankruptcy.

Chapter 29: The House of Morrel & Son
Dantes, in a disguise of an Englishman, visits Morrel and Son to speak with M. Morrel.

Chapter 30: The Fifth of September
M. Morrel is saved from bankruptcy.

Chapter 31: Italy, Sinbad the Sailor
Sinbad the Sailor spends an evening with Franz on the Island of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 32: The Waking
Franz leaves the Island of Monte Cristo and heads to Rome to meet his companion Albert.

Chapter 33: Roman Bandits
Signor Pastrini tells Franz and Albert the tales of Luigi Vampa.

Chapter 34: The Colosseum
Franz and Albert ask their host, Signor Pastrini to procure a cart and ox for them, since a carriage cannot be found during Carnival. After a short while Signor Pastrini returns with an invitation to join the Count of Monte Cristo's carriage.

Chapter 35: La Mazzolata
Franz and Albert join the Count of Monte Cristo for breakfast and then an execution.

Chapter 36: The Carnival at Rome
Franz and Albert enjoy the last day of Carnival. Albert is stuck by the love of a peasant dressed woman at Carnival, who arranges a meeting for the two of them.

Chapter 37: The Catacombs of Saint Sebastian
Franz learns that Albert has been kidnapped.

Chapter 38: The Compact
After the Count of Monte Cristo comes to Albert's aid, he asks Albert for an introduction into the society in Paris; Albert sets a date and time for their meeting.

Chapter 39: The Guests
Albert prepares his home for the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 40: The Breakfast
The Count of Monte Cristo arrives at Albert's home for breakfast, as promised three months earlier.

Chapter 41: The Presentation
The Count of Monte Cristo meets Alberts parents Monsieur and Madame de Morcerf.

Chapter 42: Monsieur Bertuccio
The Count of Monte Cristo visits his new home in Paris.

Chapter 43: The House at Auteuil
The Count of Monte Cristo and Bertuccio visit the Count's other Paris home at Auteuil. Bertuccio has a confession to make to the Count, which he has previously made to Abbe Busoni (one of the Count's aliases).

Chapter 44: The Vendetta
Bertuccio tells his story to the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 45: The Rain of Blood
Bertuccio finishes telling his story for why he fears the house Auteuil to the Count of Monte Cristo. The Count and Bertuccio then return to the house in Paris.

Chapter 46: Unlimited Credit
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Danglers at his home to speak to him about a business arrangement.

Chapter 47: The Dappled Grays
Ali, one of the slaves of the Count of Monte Cristo, helps to save Madame Villefort and her son Edward.

Chapter 48: Ideology
Monsieur de Villefort visits the Count of Monte Cristo to thank him personally for saving his wife and son.

Chapter 49: Haidee
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Haidee in his home and tells her that she is free from being his slave now that they are in Paris.

Chapter 50: The Morrel Family
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Monsieur Morrel's children at their home. During his visit with Maximilian and Julie, he notices the red silk purse and diamond underneith crystal coverings.

Chapter 51: Pyramus and Thisbe
Maximilian Morrel visits his love, Valentine, the daughter of Monsieur Villefort.

Chapter 52: Toxicology
The Count of Monte Cristo speaks to Madame Villefort about poisons and chemistry.

Chapter 53: Robert le Diable
The Count of Monte Cristo encounters many acquaintances while at the Opera with Haidee. Haidee recognizes the Count of Morcerf as the man who sold her father to the Turks.

Chapter 54: A Flurry in Stocks
Albert and Debray visit the Count of Monte Cristo's home and discuss various matters with him.

Chapter 55: Major Cavalcanti
Major Cavalcanti visits the house of the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 56: Andrea Cavalcanti
Major Cavalcanti is introduced to his lost son, Andrea Cavalcanti, with the help of the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 57: In the Lucerne Patch
Maximilian visit Valentine at her house secretly.

Chapter 58: M. Noirtier de Villefort
Monsieur Noirtier speaks to Valentine about her upcoming marriage to Franz.

Chapter 59: The Will
Monsieur Noirtier changes his will to aid Valentine.

Chapter 60: The Telegraph
The Count of Monte Cristo arrives at the Villefort's residence to remind them of his upcoming party.

Chapter 61: How a Gardener May Get Rid of the Dormice
The Count of Monte Cristo visits a gardener who works at the telegraph.

Chapter 62: Ghosts
The guests for the Count of Monte Cristo's Auteuil party begin to arrive.

Chapter 63: The Dinner
During his dinner part the Count of Monte Cristo speaks about the history of the Auteuil house.

Chapter 64: The Beggar
Andrea (Benedetto) has an encounter with his old prison mate, Caderousse.

Chapter 65: A Conjugal Scene
Monsieur Danglers has a harsh talk with Madame Danglers.

Chapter 66: Matrimonial Projects
Monsieur Danglers visits the Count of Monte Cristo for financial advice.

Chapter 67: At the Office of the King's Attorney
Madame Danglers visits Monsieur Villefort.

Chapter 68: A Summer Ball
Albert visits the Count of Monte Cristo at his home, after returning from his vacation.

Chapter 69: The Inquiry
Monsieur Villefort attempts to gain more information about the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 70: The Ball
The Morcerf's host a ball at their house.

Chapter 71: Bread and Salt
Mercedes speaks with the Count of Monte Cristo in the garden during the ball.

Chapter 72: Madame de Saint-Meran
Monsieur de Saint-Meran fell ill and died. Madame de Saint-Meran visits the house of Villefort to inform them of her husband's death.

Chapter 73: The Promise
Madame de Saint-Meran falls ill and dies, the doctor treating her suspects foul play.

Chapter 74: The Villefort Family Vault
After the funerals of Monsieur and Madame de Saint-Meran, Monsieur de Villefort begins to arrange the marriage of Valetine.

Chapter 75: A Signed Statement
Monsieur Noirtier reveals to Franz information about the death of Franz's father.

Chapter 76: Progress of Cavalcanti the Younger
Monsieur Cavalcanti, the Count of Monte Cristo, and Albert visit the Dangler's house.

Chapter 77: Haidee
Haidee relates the story of her father's death to Albert and the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 78: We Hear From Yanina
A newspaper prints an article which slanders the name of Fernand de Morcerf.

Chapter 79: The Lemonade
Monsieur Morrel visits Valentine and Monsieur Noirtier.

Chapter 80: The Accusation
Monsieur Noirtier's servant dies.

Chapter 81: The Room of the Retired Baker
Monsieur Cavalcanti, Benedetto, visits Caderousse's house.

Chapter 82: The Burglary
Caderousse breaks into the house of the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 83: The Hand of God
The Count of Monte Cristo's true identity is revealed to a dying Caderousse.

Chapter 84: Beauchamp
Beauchamp visits Albert and speaks to him about the newspaper article printed three weeks prior.

Chapter 85: The Journey
Albert accompanies the Count of Monte Cristo to Normandy.

Chapter 86: The Trial
Monsieur de Morcerf is on trial.

Chapter 87: The Challenge
Albert visits Monsieur Danglers to ask about the accusations against his father.

Chapter 88: The Insult
Albert confronts the Count of Monte Cristo at the opera.

Chapter 89: A Nocturnal Interview
Mercedes (Madame de Morcerf) visits the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 90: The Meeting
Albert and the Count of Monte Cristo meet for a duel.

Chapter 91: Mother and Son
Albert and Mercedes plan to leave the Morcerf house.

Chapter 92: The Suicide
Fernand de Morcerf visits the house of the Count of Monte Cristo.

Chapter 93: Valentine
Maximilian visits Valentine and Noirtier.

Chapter 94: Maximilian's Avowal
Noirtier's preparations have helped save Valentine's life.

Chapter 95: Father and Daughter
Eugenie speaks to Danglers about her reservations about marrying Cavalcanti.

Chapter 96: The Contract
Andrea Cavalcanti and Mademoiselle Danglers are to be married at Danglers' house.

Chapter 97: The Departure for Belgium
Eugenie and her friend Louise escape from Paris.

Chapter 98: The Bell and Bottle Tavern
Andrea makes his escape from Paris.

Chapter 99: The Law
Madame Danglers visits Villefort to talk to him about Andrea.

Chapter 100: The Apparition
The Count of Monte Cristo helps Valetine survive being poisoned.

Chapter 101: Locusta
Valentine discovers who has been poisoning the occupants of the Villefort house.

Chapter 102: Valentine
Valentine is pronounced dead by Doctor d'Avrigny.

Chapter 103: Maximilian
Abbe Busoni visits Valentine on her deathbed to pray for her.

Chapter 104: Danglar's Signature
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Danglers in order to receive money.

Chapter 105: The Cemetery of Pere-la-Chaise
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Maximilian's house.

Chapter 106: Dividing the Proceeds
Albert and Mercedes make plans for their future.

Chapter 107: The Lion's Den
Bertuccio visits Benedetto (Andrea) in prison.

Chapter 108: The Judge
Villefort prepares for Benedetto's trial, and then he confronts Madame de Villefort.

Chapter 109: The Assizes
The people of Paris begin arriving at the trial of Benedetto.

Chapter 110: The Indictment
Benedetto reveals the knowledge of who is his father.

Chapter 111: Expiation
The Count of Monte Cristo's revenge comes to a close.

Chapter 112: The Departure
The Count of Monte Cristo leaves Paris with Maximilian, and then he visits his old house where Mercedes now lives.

Chapter 113: The Past
The Count of Monte Cristo visits Chateau d'If, and then heads out to Italy.

Chapter 114: Peppino
Danglers is captured by Luigi Vampa on his way out of Rome.

Chapter 115: Luigi Vampa's Bill of Fare
Danglers learns that in order to eat while imprisoned he must pay a large sum for his food.

Chapter 116: The Pardon
Danglers nearly starves to death when he meets Edmond Dantes.

Chapter 117: The Fifth of October
The Count of Monte Cristo saves Maximilian, and then finds happiness once again.

Age
A child’s nursery rhyme involving multiplication.

The Ants Go Marching
A child's nursery rhyme teaching counting.

As I Was Going to St. Ives
A child’s riddle involving multiplication and logic.

Baa, Baa, Black Sheep
A child's counting rhyme involving a sheep.

Bell Horses
A child's nursery rhyme teaching time.

A Counting Out Rhyme
A child’s counting nursery rhyme.

A Diller, A Dollar
A child's nursery rhyme teaching telling time.

Dinosaurs
A child’s subtraction nursery rhyme.

Doubles
A child’s counting rhyme about addition.

Elephants at Work and Play
A children’s counting poem about elephants.

Fish
A child’s counting poem about goldfish.

Five Little Bees
A child’s addition nursery rhyme

Five Little Blue Birds
A child’s poem about subtraction.

Five Little Chickadees
A children’s subtraction poem about chickadees.

Five Little Ducks
A child’s subtraction poem.

Five Little Fishes
A child’s nursery rhyme involving numbers and counting

Five Little Piggies
A child’s counting rhyme.

Five Little Pumpkins
A counting Halloween rhyme about pumpkins

Five Little Speckled Frogs
A child’s subtraction rhyme

Five Litte Tadpoles
A child’s counting rhyme

Fly Away
A nursery rhyme involving subtraction

Four Little Ducks
A child's counting rhyme involving ducks.

Four Little Fishes
A child’s nursery rhyme involving numbers and counting

How Many Days Has My Baby to Play?
A nursery rhyme about the days of the week.

Magpie Rhyme
A child's nursery rhyme teaching counting.

Multiplication
A funny limerick about the frustration of mathematics.

One for the Money
A child's counting-out game.

One Little Flower, One Little Bee
A child’s rhyme identifying the number “1”.

One Potato, Two Potato
A counting poem.

One to Make Ready
A child's counting-out game.

One, Two, Buckle My Shoe
A child’s counting game.

One, Two, Three, Four
A child's nursery rhyme teaching counting.

One, Two, Three, Four, Five
A child's nursery rhyme teaching counting.

Solomon Grundy
A nursery rhyme that incorporates the days of the week.

Ten in the Bed
A child’s subtraction rhyme.

Ten Little Indians
A counting rhyme about indians.

Thirty Days Hath September
A fun limerick to learn how many days are in each month.

This Little Froggy
A child's nursery rhyme teaching counting: similar to "This Little Piggy."

This Little Piggy
A children’s poem usually counted on toes.

This Old Man
A nursery rhyme involving counting.

This Pig Went to Market
A nursery rhyme about pigs.

Three Young Rats
A child's nursery rhyme about animals featuring the number three.

The Twelve Days of Christmas
A traditional poem/song about Christmas.

Uno, Dos, y Tres
A bilingual counting rhyme in English and Spanish.

Translator's Preface
A brief introduction to the text by the translator, Constance Garnett.

Part 1, Chapter 1
Raskolnikov walks to the pawnbroker in an attempt to alleviate his mounting debt.

Part 1, Chapter 2
Marmeladov tells his story to Raskolnikov over a drink. Raskolnikov follows Marmeladov home and decides to share what little he has after viewing the level of poverty the family lives in.

Part 1, Chapter 3
Raskolnikov receives news regarding his sister.

Part 1, Chapter 4
Raskolnikov's ponders Dunya's decision as he travels to the home of a friend.

Part 1, Chapter 5
Raskolnikov dreams of his childhood. A chance encounter leaves Raskolnikov feeling out of sorts.

Part 1, Chapter 6
Raskolnikov's hatred for Alyona is recounted.

Part 1, Chapter 7
Raskolnikov's attack on Alyona and Lizaveta is interrupted suddenly by two men. Raskolnikov narrowly escapes.

Part 2, Chapter 1
A restless and delirious Raskolnikov receives a summons from the police station.

Part 2, Chapter 2
An agitated Raskolnikov returns to his room where he considers, but later hides his stolen goods. Raskolnikov pays a visit to Razumikhin.

Part 2, Chapter 3
Raskolnikov's health continues to decline, eventually resulting in a period of unconsciousness. Raskolnikov is introduced to Zossimov.

Part 2, Chapter 4
Zossimov accepts an invitation from Razumikhin. Zosimov, Razumikhin, and Nastasya discuss the pawnbroker's murder and the subsequent arrest of a painter.

Part 2, Chapter 5
Luzhin, Dunya's fiancé introduces himself to Raskolnikov, Zossimov, and Razumikhin. Zossimov takes note of Rskolnikov's agitation when the murder of the pawnbroker is mentioned.

Part 2, Chapter 6
Raskolnikov has a strange conversation with Zamyotov, the police inspector, at the local diner.

Part 2, Chapter 7
Raskolnikov provides some assistance to the dying Marmeladov and his family. After returning home Raskolnikov once again callapses.

Part 3, Chapter 1
Pulcheria and Dunya are greatly affected by Raskolnikov's condition. Razumikhin's affections for Dunya are fully divulged to the reader.

Part 3, Chapter 2
Razumikhin awakens the next morning greatly regretting the previous night. Dunya, Pulcheria, and Razumikhin visit Raslolnikov.

Part 3, Chapter 3
Raskolnikov's condition improves, for a little while at least. Raskolnikov makes a confession to Pulcheria. Raskolnikov becomes agitated when discussing Dunya's upcoming nuptials.

Part 3, Chapter 4
Sonia invites Raskolnikov to Marmeladov's funeral. Raskolnikov makes a request of Razumikhin, before teasing him about his feelings for Dunya.

Part 3, Chapter 5
Razumikhin is embaressed by Raskolikov's behavior. Porfiry questions Raskolikov about the crime at the pawnbrokers.

Part 3, Chapter 6
Raskolnikov fearing the police suspect him of the murders, has a strange encounter with a stranger on the street.

Part 4, Chapter 1
Svidrigailov asks for Raskolnikov's help in finding Dunya. Svidrigailov recounts the circumstances of his marriage.

Part 4, Chapter 2
Razumikhin confirms Raskolnikov's fears. Dunya and Pulcheria are upset by the news of Svidrigailov's arrival in St. Petersburg.

Part 4, Chapter 3
Raskolnikov tells the group about Svidrigailov's proposal. Dunya presents a proposal to her brother. Razumikhin realizes who is responsible for the pawnbroker's death.

Part 4, Chapter 4
Raskolnikov pays a visit to Sonya, who is surprised and frightened by his presence. Svidrigailov listens in on Raskolnikov and Sonya's conversation in private.

Part 4, Chapter 5
Raskolnikov visits Porfiry Petrovich at the police station, presenting him with a request for the items from the pawnbroker's shop.

Part 4, Chapter 6
Raskolnikov and Porfiry's conversation is suddenly interrupted by an agitated Nikolai, leaving him hopeful he will not be caught.

Part 5, Chapter 1
Luzhin, realizing his engagement with Dunya is ending, regrets his decisions.

Part 5, Chapter 2
The narrator discusses Katerina's spending of the money given to her by Raskolnikov. Katerina, whose health appears to be failing, treats her guests rudely.

Part 5, Chapter 3
Luzhin accusations of theft anger Katerina, whose attempt to clear Sonia's name only further implicates her. Lebezyatnikov's appearance signals an end to Luzhin's deceptive plan. The Marmeladovs are evicted.

Part 5, Chapter 4
Sonya is told of her families troubles. Raskolnikov finally admits his crimes to Sonia, who promises not to abandoned him in his time of need.

Part 5, Chapter 5
Lebeziatnikov and Raskolnikov discuss Katerina's health as Sonia goes to check on her. Sonia finds a barely coherent Katerina overcome by her physical illness. Svidrigailov offers to take care of all funeral arrangements.

Part 6, Chapter 1
Having witnessed the death of Katerina, Raskolnikov wanders the streets in a daze lingering outside Sonia's building. Razumikhin pays a visit to Raskolnikov. Razumikhin leaves as Porfiry arrives to speak with Raskolnikov.

Part 6, Chapter 2
Porfiry, although having extracted a murder confession from the painter, tells Raskolnikov who he believes really committed the crimes.

Part 6, Chapter 3
Raskolnikov finds Svidrigailov in a café where he discusses his relationship with Dunya.

Part 6, Chapter 4
Svidrigailov discusses his relationship with Marfa Petrovana and current engagement, ensuring Raskolnikov that he no longer has any interest in Dunya.

Part 6, Chapter 5
Svidrigailov attempts to manipulate Dunya by using Raskolnikov's secret against her.

Part 6, Chapter 6
Svidrigailov visits Sonia, assuring her that her family will be taken care of. After a series of strange dreams, a dazed Svidrigailov uses Dunya's revolver to take his own life.

Part 6, Chapter 7
Raskolnikov visits his mother, who is overjoyed to see him but taken aback by his behavior. Upon returning to his apartment, Raskolnikov encounters Dunya.

Part 6, Chapter 8
Raskolnikov visits Sonya's home to pick up his cross, before heading to the police station to confess his crimes.

Epilogue
Raskolnikov's goes to trial and is sentenced to 8 years hard labor in Siberia. Razumikhin and Dunya finally marry. While in prison, Raskolnikov finds redemption and renewal.

“The Boy Who Could Keep a Secret”
A young boy keeps a secret that has him passed from one household to the next. He is able to outsmart everyone he meets and becomes King of Hungary.

“Clever Maria”
Maria was the youngest and prettiest of the merchant’s daughters. When the merchant leaves on business, she is the only one to obey his wishes and begins a bizarre courtship with the king through their antics in an attempt to out-perform the other.

“The Colony of Cats”
The colony of cats take in an abused daughter, Lizina, and give her the fair treatment she deserves.

“The Cottager and His Cat”
A poor cottager buys a cat and ends up with a kingdom.

“The Crab and the Monkey”
A monkey steals the fruit of the crab’s tree and gets his punishment.

“The Death of Abu Nowas and of His Wife”
Abu Nowas went to the Sultan telling of his dead wife. The Sultan got him a new wife and a decent dowry, which was spent almost immediately. Abu Nowas is able to trick both the Sultan and the Sultana and gets more money for his cunning.

“Eisenkopf ”
How Peter outwits Eisenkopf and finds love.

“The Gifts of the Magician”
An evil magician gives gifts to a youth, who uses them to save himself from hanging.

“The Gold-Bearded Man”
A queen marries another man after the king dies and he is especially cruel. He passes a ridiculous law that a man with a golden beard doesn’t abide by. The king goes off to war and his stepson lets the man out and he is therefore blessed by good luck and magical assistance.

“The Hairy Man”
A story of a prince that escapes from his father and proves himself in battle with the help of three magical apples.

“The Horse Gullfaxi and the Sword Gunnfoder”
A boy Sigurd becomes cursed by a giantess and has to go through several trials to escape the many magical dangers in the kingdom. He meets a girl Helga and they live happily ever after.

“How the Beggar Boy Turned into Count Piro”
A poor beggar boy is left with nothing but a beautiful pear tree when his father dies. A fox sees the pear tree and promises to bring him good luck if he does what he is told. His life is transformed and the fox asks only for a coffin when he dies because he is the one responsible for the former beggar’s good fortune.

“How the Wicked Tanuki Was Punished”
A crafty tanuki betrays his wife in order to get food and his son vows to avenge his mother. The little tanuki is able to outsmart his father and accomplish his personal goal.

“How to Find Out a True Friend”
A queen and king longed to have a son and promised to send him on a pilgrimage after his eighteenth birthday if St. James were to grant their wish. The had their son and in turn, he set off on his journey. He met his true friend along the way and they survived many hindrances and proved their true friendship in the process.

“The Language of Beasts”
For saving the daughter of the snake king, a man receives the gift of understanding the language of the beasts and becomes wiser because of this.

“Little Wildrose”
An old couple was never able to have children and the old man sets out to find one. Through magic he acquires a daughter, but she is stolen by an eagle. The eagle takes care of her because he sees her as a good omen and she grows up in his nest. Later in her life, she is discovered by a prince. The girl is tricked by an old woman and brought down from the trees in order to marry the prince and lives happily ever after.

“Lovely Ilonka”
A prince sets out on a quest to find a bride. He searched for and acquired three bulrushes that contained three beautiful maidens, however when he broke the first two he has no water to offer them, so he saves the third until he is near a well. The prince is swindled by the swineherder and is instead married to his daughter rather than the beautiful maiden. The prince is able to claim the crown and when the maiden is discovered by the prince’s servant, she is brought to the castle as a servant and put under the tricks of the new queen. However, the king discovers his true love and has the swineherder and his family executed.

“Lucky Luck”
A fairy tale about a prince who longs for a bride, but his father tries to keep him from his goal for that would mean the end of his reign. When the prince gets his bride, his servant overhears the perilous plans of the king and helps the prince to avoid imminent death. The servant is turned to stone for spoiling the king’s plan and the prince is set on a quest to find Lucky Luck to figure out how to bring his faithful servant back to life.

“The Magic Kettle”
A fairy tale about a magic kettle that could transform into a dancing tanuki.

“Motiratika”
A woman is sent by her husband to fetch water and runs into an ogre that threatens to eat her. She offers her magical baby in her place, but the baby is able to outsmart the ogre and he eats the husband (his father) instead. Therefore, justice prevails for the husband ordered her to fetch the water.

“Niels and the Giants”
A fairy tale recounting the adventure of Niels and his family on a pilgrimage to Rome. Niels encounters three giants and is forced to help them in their scheme to steal the king’s daughter. Niels is able to conquer the giants, continues his journey, and later, is found by the princess he inadvertantly rescued and marries her.

“Paperarello”
A story about how Paperarelloo got his name, and the grand deeds he performed.

“The Prince Who Would Seek Immortality”
A prince seeks immortality and finds three different kingdoms in which the kings cannot die until they perform a certain task. He finally finds the queen of life and death in the Land of Immortality.

“The Rogue and the Herdsman”
A lazy farm boy is able to steal sheep, pigs, and oxen from the greatest herdsman of the king. He is rewarded handsomely for his cleverness.

“Shepherd Paul”
Shepherd Paul was abandoned as a child and grows up to be the strongest man in the forest. He wrestles many strong men, but none can match his strength. He also fights three dragons, gains three castles, and three princess. He marries the youngest.

“The Six Hungry Beasts”
The animals of the forest are hungry. The fox manages the best of all the beasts because he is clever enough to trick them into giving him their family members and other animals.

“The Stone-Cutter”
The stone-cutter is unhappy with his life and has his various, greedy wishes granted by a mountain spirit. After he passes through various stages of power, he realizes he was happier as he once was and decides to be himself instead of something he is not.

“The Story of the Seven Simons”
A king searches for a bride as handsome and clever as himself. There was one Princess Helena, however it would take ten years to find her and by that time she would be old and unbeautiful. The king meets seven Simons, all masters of their respective trades, and all are useful to him in his quest. They retrieve the princess and the king marries her.

“The Story of the Sham Prince, or the Ambitious Tailor”
A skilled tailor longs to be a prince and steals the title from a prince that hasn’t been seen. He is set to different tasks and is proven to be the tailor, but has a happy ending.

“The Strong Prince”
A prince finds a sword near a river that gives him great strength. He kills a band of robbers and his mother marries the leader. The leader steals his sword and blinds the prince. A giant then helps the prince get his sword back and blind the leader. The giant then gives his daughter to the prince and they live happily ever after.

“The Three Robes”
A story about a king who remarries after his wife’s death. His new queen kills him and intends to kill his children, but they escape. When the prince of Greece comes for the king’s daughter, the new queen sends her daughter who is expected to weave three robes for the prince. The king’s daughter makes the robes for the mistaken princess, but the prince finds her and they marry instead.

“Tiidu the Piper”
A story about how Tiidu went from lazy to industrious, earning himself a nice fortune through persistence.

“To Your Good Health!”
A young shepherd refuses to abide by the laws of the kingdom when the king sneezes. The shepherd survives three perilous trials and refused three magnificent gifts for the hand of the princess in marriage, which he eventually gets out of the king’s frustration.

“The Treasure Seeker”
A down-on-his-luck man seeks a long-lost treasure and finds wealth and happiness.

“Tritill, Litill, and the Birds”
Each of three sons goes out to see the world. The first two are cruel to two beggars and birds and end up killed by an ogress. The third brother is kind to the beggars and the birds, and they help him win out over the ogress and earn many rewards.

“The Witch and Her Servants”
How a prince overcomes an evil magician and wins a princess.

Chapter 1: “Curly Twistytail Is Named”
A little pig boy is caught by a bear and tied to a tree by his tail. When his brother rescues him, his tail is permanantly curled. From now on, he was called Curly.

Chapter 2: “Floppy Gets His Name”
Curly and his brother (who had no name) went into town to buy candy. The unnamed brother wanted to buy a name at one of the store. A small dog wanted to play tag with him, lost control, and tripped and pulled his ear so it sagged and flopped and from then on they called him Floppy.

Chapter 3: “Pinky’s Rubber Ball”
While Curly and Flop were playing soldier in the forest, baby Pinky played alone. A fox spied her and carried her away to the forest. Pinky squealed for her brothers and tossed them her rubber ball to wet the fox. They filled the ball with water and squirted the fox.

Chapter 4: “How Curly Helped Mother”
The pig children help their mother do the laundry. When she leaves to help a sick neighbor, Curly decides to surprise her and finish the laundry. When he tries to hang up a large pillowcase, the wind picks him up into the air and into a tree.

Chapter 5: “Curly and the Elephant”
Curly buys eggs at the store for his mother and, on the way home, is approached by a dog who wants to eat the eggs. The pig decided to run away and roll eggs at the dog. When the dog catches up to the pig, he is scared away by Grandpa Goosey. The author forgets to include the elephant in the story and vows to put him in the next one.

Chapter 6: “Flop and the Bag of Meal”
Flop goes to the market to get corn meal. On the way, he spots an elephant with a sliver in his foot. He helps to remove it. The alligator comes by to eat the pig when the elephant sneezes at the gator and frightens him away.

Chapter 7: “Piggy Boys at School”
Curly and Flop look for adventures and come upon a school. They find they can’t spell or cut paper, but they can do tricks and, after scaring away a bear, are invited to join the class.

Chapter 8: “Curly is Vaccinated”
Curly finds out that he can’t go to school until he’s vaccinated.

Chapter 9: “Curly and the Spinning Top”
Curly is recovering from his vaccination. Flop buys him a top to take his mind off the soreness. A giant snail comes to take his vaccination, so Curly activates the top. The snail get so dizzy that it falls out of the window into a bush.

Chapter 10: “Flop and the Turtle”
While Curly went to school, Flop stayed home and played. He found a stone and gave it to his mom to use as a doorstop. A mean egg-dog comes by to eat his mom’s pies. The stone began to talk and explained that he was a frozen turtle. The turtle bit the dog and it ran away.

Chapter 11: “Curly and the Chestnuts”
Curly was punished by his teacher and had to stay after school. While cleaning the chalkboard, Jacko the organ-monkey hit Curly in the head with chestnuts. They decided to roast them. The alligator came to attack them, but was frightened away by the popping of the chestnuts.

Chapter 12: “Baby Pinky and the Doctor”
Baby Pinky is sick and wakes up the whole household with his crying. They take her to the hospital to make her well again.

Chapter 13: “Curly and the Big Apple”
Cury and Flop are sent to the store to get cornmeal. Each brother took a bag. On the way home, they were invited to take apples from a tree. Flop took a small one that he could carry. Curly took the largest one he could find. When a fox jumped out to catch the pigs, Curly was unable to run as fast and still refused to drop his large apple.

Chapter 14: “The Piggies and the Pumpkin”
Curly and Flop are sent to the store to get bread and, along the way, are asked by the nice old rat gentleman if they want a large pumpkin to make a Jack O’Lantern. They are greeted by a wolf who wants to eat them. They must figure out a way to escape him.

Chapter 15: “The Piggies in a Cornfield”
On their way home from school, Curly and Flop come upon a girl mouse whose tail is stuck under a rock. The piggie boys help her and she promises to help them someday. When the alligator comes by to eat them, the mouse girl helps out after all.

Chapter 16: “Flop Has a Tumble”
Curly and Flop are late for school and on their way, they see a sign telling them not to slide down the cellar door. Flop can’t resist the temptation and slides down into a tub of water. The rat lady scolds him for disobeying the sign and he feels guilty.

Chapter 17: “Mr. Twistytail’s Lost Hat”
Curly, Flop, and their dog friends are playing in the forest and they find a hat. They realize it’s Mr. Twistytail’s hat and deduce that the wolf must have him. They rush to the wolf’s house and spy the pig father tied up. They trick the wolf and save Mr. Twistytail.

Chapter 18: “Mother Twistytail’s New Bonnet”
Mrs. Twistytail takes Baby Pinky to buy a bonnet. On their way home, the wolf grabs mother and daughter and tries to eat them. The wolf throws the bonnet outside and bees see it. They get angry that the flowers aren’t real and go after the wolf.

Chapter 19: “Curly and the Sour Milk”
During a brief vacation from school, Curly and Flop agree to go to Uncle Wiggley’s island bungalow. While there, Curly hears Ethel Rose crying and walks her home. A bear appears and drinks the sour milk from their pail and they escape.

Chapter 20: “Flop and the Pie Lady”
While at the bungalow, Curly, Flop, and Uncle Wiggly meet a woman with brown hair, Margaret More. She offers to make pies for them and shoos them away. When they return, a wolf comes by to eat the pie lady, Flop, and the pie. Flop throw the peels at him and sends him running back home.

Chapter 21: “The Piggies and the Jelly”
Curly and Flop are left alone at Uncle Wiggly’s bungalow. They meet Pocohontas who wants some jelly. They give her what they have and she promises to do them a favor sometime. Then, a big bear comes and captures the two pigs. Pocohontas makes a bow and arrow and wounds the bear saving the two pigs.

Chapter 22: “Flop and the Marshmallows”
At the bungalow, Curly and Flop split up to look for adventures. Flop sees his friend Cora Janet and she tells him her dilemma about marshmallow candy and a bear who will want to eat them and her too. Flop comes up with a plan and, when the bear finally arrives, he is pelted with marshmallow candy and retreats.

Chapter 23: “The Piggies and the Fish”
On Halloween morning, Curly and Flop decide to dress up and fool Uncle Wiggly. However, he overhears their plan and hatches one of his own. He dresses up like a fish and is caught by a local fisherman.

Chapter 24: “Curly and the Afraid Girl”
Curley and Flop split ways to see who will find an adventure first. Curly comes upon a mouse girl named Edna who was afraid of the water and seeing an alligator. Just when she feels safe and comfortable, Curly spies a gator approaching their boat. He tells her to put on a blindfold so she won’t see the gator.

Chapter 25: “The Piggies at the Party”
Sadie, a lady pig with long earrings, asks Curly and Flop to her party. A bear comes to the house to eat them and Sadie throws marshmallows in his face. The bear thought it was snowing and rushed back to his cave before he got snowed in.

Chapter 26: “Floppy and the Bonfire”
Curly and Flop decide to build a bonfire and have a party. While looking for more potatoes to put on the fire, Flop is left alone. A fox comes by to throw him into the fire, sees a potato and runs away with his mouth on fire.

Chapter 27: “Flop and the Skate Wagon”
When Flop stays home sick from school, Uncle Butter teaches him how to make a wagon from a single roller skate. As he rides, Flop sees a cat lady being chased by a dog. He gives her a ride and they escape from the dog.

Chapter 28: “Pinky and the Lemon”
Mrs. Twistytail goes to a neighbor to borrow a spool of thread leaving baby Pinky alone in the house. While she’s gone, a baboon with a bad case of the mumps tries to eat the pig. She accidentally squeezes a lemon and squirts him in the eye causing him to flee.

Chapter 29: “The Piggies and Santa Claus”
Cury and Flop meet Santa Claus.

Chapter 30: “Floppy and the Stockings”
On the way home from buying a cake at the store, Flop meets Nurse jane Fuzzy Wuzzy and she gives him some stockings to hang out for Santa. When she leaves, he is chased by a fox. When he hides, he sees a mouse who tells him to throw a stocking full of leaves at him to fool him. He does and escapes.

Chapter 31: “The Twistytails’ Christmas”
The Twistytail family wait for Santa to arrive on Christmas Eve. The next morning the entire family opens their bountiful gifts. The author wishes the readers a merry christmas.

Prefaces, (1850 and 1869)
The author's preface.

Chapter 1: I Am Born
The narrator describes the circumstances of his birth.

Chapter 2: I Observe
David shares some of his earliest memories.

Chapter 3: I Have a Change
Peggotty takes David to Yarmouth where he meets his nephew and niece. Before returning home, Peggotty tells David of his mothers marriage.

Chapter 4: I Fall into Disgrace
David returns home to find that many thing have changed.

Chapter 5: I Am Sent Away
David is sent to Salem House by Mr. Mudstone.

Chapter 6: I Enlarge My Circle of Acquaintance
Mr. Creakle gives a warning to David. David meets some of the other boys at the school.

Chapter 7: My 'First Half' at Salem House
As school begins at Salem House, David and Steerforth share stories. Mr. Peggotty and Ham visit David at school.

Chapter 8: My Holidays. Especially One Happy Afternoon
David goes home for the holidays and is introduced to a new family member.

Chapter 9: I Have a Memorable Birthday
David is sent home after receiving some bad news.

Chapter 10: I Become Neglected, and Am Provided For
After the death of David's mother, Mr. and Miss Murdstone make their intentions towards David clear. Miss Peggotty and Mr. Barkis marry.

Chapter 11: I Begin Life on My Own Account, and Don't Like It
David, now in London, works at Mr. Murdstone's winery. Mr. Micawber is sent away.

Chapter 12: Liking Life on My Own Account no Better, I Form a Great Resolution
Mr. Micawber, having resolved his debts, returns home. David decides to run away, but finds himself taken advantage of in the process.

Chapter 13: The Sequel of My Resolution
David arrives at Aunt Betsey's house.

Chapter 14: My Aunt Makes up Her Mind About Me
Aunt Betsey meets with Mr. Murdstone in order to make a decision about David.

Chapter 15: I Make Another Beginning
David and Miss Betsey go to Canterbury.

Chapter 16: I Am a New Boy in More Senses Than One
David finally meets the headmaster, and continues to make new friends at Canterbury. Jack Maldon's departure leaves Annie very emotional.

Chapter 17: Somebody Turns Up
Mr. Dick visits the school and tells David of an encounter that his Aunt Betsy has had. David's visit with the Heeps leaves him feeling manipulated.

Chapter 18: A Retrospect
David reminisces about his experiences in at Canterbury.

Chapter 19: I Look About Me and Make a Discovery
David travels to Yarmouth to visit Peggotty. While in London, David runs into an old acquaintance.

Chapter 20: Steerforth's Home
David spends a few days in London before returning to Yarmouth.

Chapter 21: Little Em'ly
While still in London with Steerforth, David pays a visit to Peggotty and receives good news about Little Em'ly and Ham.

Chapter 22: Some Old Scenes, and Some New People
David makes new friends and sees some old acquaintances.

Chapter 23: I Corroborate Mr. Dick, and Choose a Profession
With some advising from Steerforth, David decides on a future profession. David witnesses a strange encounter between Miss Betsey and a stranger. David begins to establish himself at the Doctors' Commons.

Chapter 24: My First Dissipation
David finds his new living situation to a bit lonely. A dinner leaves David feeling ill.

Chapter 25: Good and Bad Angels
Agnes warns David to be cautious of Steerforth. Uriah reveals his intentions towards Agnes.

Chapter 26: I Fall into Captivity
Mr. Spenlow invites David to his home, where he is introduced to Dora. Mrs. Crupp sees a change in David's attitude upon returning from the Spenlow home.

Chapter 27: Tommy Traddles
David visits Tommy Traddle, who lives in the same building as the Micawbers.

Chapter 28: Mr. Micawber's Gauntlet
The Micawbers and Tommy Traddles attend a dinner at David's apartment. Littimer visits David in search of Steerforth. David advises Tommy in regards to Mr. Micawber's situation.

Chapter 29: I Visit Steerforth at His Home, Again
David spends time with Miss Dartle and Mrs. Steerforth, who is alarmed by her son's prolonged absence.

Chapter 30: A Loss
David pays a visit to Mr. Omer while in Yarmouth, hearing news of Little Em'ly's changed behavior. At the Peggotty house, David finds that Mr. Bargis' health is in decline.

Chapter 31: A Greater Loss
David assists Peggotty with Mr. Barkis' affairs. Not unlike Steerforth, Little Em'ly is nowhere to be found.

Chapter 32: The Beginning of a Long Journey
Mr. Peggotty, determined to find Little Em'ly, asks David for his assistance. Miss Mowcher tells David about her unintentional part in the Peggotty family debacle. Mr. Peggotty and David visit Mrs. Steerforth.

Chapter 33: Blissful
David brings Mr. Peggotty to the Doctors' Commons. Mr. Spenlow extends an invitation to David. Dora and David's reconciliation results in a secret arrangement.

Chapter 34: My Aunt Astonishes Me
Tommy visits David, and informs him of Mr. Micawber's current financial situation. Tommy asks a favor of Mr. Peggotty. Miss Betsey receives some bad news.

Chapter 35: My Depression
David admits his feelings for Dora to Miss Betsey, who reacts unexpectedly to the news. David attempts to recoup some money for Miss Betsey. Agnes informs David of her own family's situation.

Chapter 36: Enthusiasm
David decides he will use the new situation to his advantage. Dr. Strong agrees to hire David as his secretary. David becomes suspicious of Jack Malden's intentions towards Annie. Mr. Micawber tells David and Tommy of his plans in Canterbury.

Chapter 37: A Little Cold Water
David tells Dora about his current financial situation, causing Dora to become visibly upset.

Chapter 38: A Dissolution of Partnership
The discovery of a secret arrangement is followed by unexpected tragedy.

Chapter 39: Wickfield and Heep
David drops by to check on Miss Betsey's house, then head to Canterbury to visit old friends. Uriah Heep and his mother dominate affairs at the Wickfield estate.

Chapter 40: The Wanderer
David runs into Mr. Peggotty, who is still searching for Little Em'ly.

Chapter 41: Dora's Aunts
David receives a welcomed letter from Dora's aunt, prompting David to pay visit.

Chapter 42: Mischief
Mr. Wickfield and Agnes visit the Strongs. David's encounter with Uriah leaves him feeling morally inferior.

Chapter 43: Another Retrospect
David and Dora are married. 

Chapter 44: Our Housekeeping
Dora and David begin their life's together.

Chapter 45: Mr. Dick Fulfills My Aunt's Predictions
Mr. Dick drops by to see David. Mr. Dick feels compelled to intervene in the Strong's affairs.

Chapter 46: Intelligence
One evening, David is called into the Steerforth home, where he is told news about Little Em'ly.

Chapter 47: Martha
Mr. Peggotty and David asks Martha for some assistance in finding Little Em'ly. Miss Betsey's past continues to haunt her.

Chapter 48: Domestic
David's hopes for domestic bliss are not fulfilled.

Chapter 49: I Am Involved in Mystery
David and Tommy Traddles are called to the Micawber home.

Chapter 50: Mr. Peggotty's Dream Comes True
With Martha's help, Little Em'ly is finally found.

Chapter 51: The Beginning of a Longer Journey
David and Miss Betsey are told Little Em'ly's story. Mr. Peggotty and Little Em'ly decide to leave.

Chapter 52: I Assist at an Explosion
Uriah Heep's dealings come to light.

Chapter 53: Another Retrospect
Dora's health continues to decline.

Chapter 54: Mr. Micawber's Transactions
Mr. Micawber considers a move abroad. Tommy Traddles has good news for both the Wickfield's and Miss Betsey. David and Miss Betsey attend a funeral.

Chapter 55: Tempest
David delivers Little Em'ly's letter to Ham. David witnesses a tragedy on the coast.

Chapter 56: The New Wound, and the Old
David visits Mrs. Steerforth, now an invalid, to deliver some bad news.

Chapter 57: The Emigrants
Prior to departure, Mr. Micawber considers his prospects in Australia.

Chapter 58: Absence
David eventually settles abroad, where he finally begins to come to terms with past events.

Chapter 59: Return
David returns to London where he visits with old friends and acquaintances.

Chapter 60: Agnes
David divulges his true feelings to Agnes.

Chapter 61: I Am Shown Two Interesting Penitents
David accepts an invitation from Mr. Creakle, where he encounters Uriah and Littimer.

Chapter 62: A Light Shines on My Way David Copperfield
Agnes and David's relationship continues to flourish.

Chapter 63: A VIsitor
Mr. Peggotty pays a visit to David and Agnes.

Chapter 64: A Last Retrospect
David reflects on the present state of affairs.

Preface


Introduction


Part 1: Chapter 1


Part 1: Chapter 2


Part 1: Chapter 3


Part 1: Chapter 4


Part 2: Chapter 1


Part 2: Chapter 2


Part 2: Chapter 3


Part 2: Chapter 4


Part 2: Chapter 5


Part 2: Chapter 6


Part 2: Chapter 7


Part 2: Chapter 8


Part 3: Chapter 1


Part 3: Chapter 2


Part 3: Chapter 3


Part 3: Chapter 4


Part 3: Chapter 5


Part 3: Chapter 6


Part 3: Chapter 7


Part 3: Chapter 8


Part 3: Chapter 9


Part 3: Chapter 10


Part 3: Chapter 11


Part 3: Chapter 12


Part 3: Chapter 13


Part 3: Chapter 14


Part 3: Chapter 15


Part 3: Chapter 16


Part 3: Chapter 17


Part 3: Chapter 18


Part 3: Chapter 19


Part 3: Chapter 20


Part 3: Chapter 20


Part 3: Chapter 21


Part 3: Chapter 22


Part 3: Chapter 23


Part 3: Chapter 24


Part 3: Chapter 25


Part 3: Chapter 26


Part 3: Chapter 27


Part 3: Chapter 28


Part 3: Chapter 29


Part 3: Chapter 30


Exercises Part 1


Exercises Part 2


Exercises Part 3


A Defence of Free-Thinking in Mathematics
An essay/argument for Sir Isaac Newton and the author’s mathematical beliefs and philosophies. The full title is "A Defence of Free-Thinking in Mathematics: In answer To a Pamphlet of Philalethes Cantabrigiensis, intitled, Geometry no Friend to Infidelity, or a Defence of Sir ISAAC NEWTON, and the BRITISH Mathematicians. Also an Appendix concerning Mr. WALTON’s Vindication of the Principles of Fluxions contained in the ANALYST."

The Chimes, a Goblin Story
This is a greatly abridged children's version of Dickens' 1844 Christmas novella. An old fellow named Trotty thinks the church bells are talking to him when they chime each quarter hour. When he visits the church to see why they are saying things to him he has a dream in which the bells really do speak to him, and the dream changes Trotty’s life.

A Christmas Tree
The author shares some of his Christmas experiences and memories regarding the meaning of the Christmas tree.

What Christmas is as We Grow Older
The speaker compares the feelings and hopes of youth at Christmastime with the changes that occur with age.

The Haunted House: The Mortals in the House
The narrator tells of how he came to live in the house. Servants believe in the haunting, and this leads to troubles, so the narrator and his sister decide to change their plans.

The Haunted House: The Ghost in Master B.’s Room
The narrator tells of his growing fascination with Master B, as well as the series of events following the appearance of the ghost.

To My Readers
The author tells the readers about the origin of this story and his process.

Chapter 1. “The Earthquake”
Dorothy, her cousin Zeb, her kitten, the horse and buggy fall through a crack, which is quite scary, but the animals begin to talk.

Chapter 2: “The Glass City”
Dorothy and her friends fall softly onto a flat glass roof, discover they can walk on air and that no little person there smiles or talks.

Chapter 3: “The Arrival of the Wizard”
The arrival of the great Wizard to the palace.

Chapter 4: “The Vegetable Kingdom”
The friends discover the little people are actually vegetables that grow from plants. They have to be replanted every five years.

Chapter 5: “Dorothy Picks the Princess”
The evil prince has delayed picking the overripe princess, so Dorothy does when he’s asleep. The prince must go replant himself.

Chapter 6: “The Mangaboos Prove Dangerous”
The vegetable people don’t want “meat people” around and drive the group towards a pit despite the Wizard’s magic tricks.

Chapter 7: “Into the Black Pit and Out Again”
With their lantern, Dorothy and friends follow a long, steep tunnel inside the pit.

Chapter 8: “The Valley of Voices”
Dorothy and the gang come upon invisible people and animals that live there. They learn not to eat the fruit.

Chapter 9: “They Fight the Invisible Bears”
Dorothy and her friends learn how to walk on water.

Chapter 10. “The Braided Man of Pyramid Mountain”
A crazy old man sells Dorothy and the gang his useless wares.

Chapter 11: “They Meet the Wooden Gargoyles”
Dorothy and her friends come upon the flying gargoyles (or “gurgles” as she calls them).

Chapter 12: “A Wonderful Escape”
Dorothy and her friends start a roaring fire

Chapter 13: “The Den of the Dragonettes”
Dorothy and her friends come upon the dragonettes.

Chapter 14: “Ozma Uses the Magic Belt”
Ozma transports Dorothy to her. She then sends for the others.

Chapter 15: “Old Friends Are Reunited”
The Scarecrow, Tinman, Lion and others welcome Dorothy.

Chapter 16: “Jim, the Cab-Horse”
Jim meets the Sawhorse and Dorothy talks to a deer head.

Chapter 17: “The Nine Tiny Piglets”
We learn more about a parade, tricks, games. Jim loses a race.

Chapter 18: “The Trial of Eureka the Kitten”
A piglet is missing and Eureka seems guilty.

Chapter 19: “The Wizard Performs Another Trick”
Eureka finally comes clean with the truth.

Chapter 20: “Zeb Returns to the Ranch”
Homesickness now hits the friends. They go home to Kansas.

Chapter 1
Jonathan Harker journals about his travel to Dracula’s Castle and the foreboding messages he gets from town folk along the way.

Chapter 2
Jonathan journals about his conversation with Count Dracula regarding England and the new estate in London that Jonathan secured for him. He notices strange things about the Count and his castle that makes him feel uneasy and like a prisoner.

Chapter 3
The Count asks Jonathan about the shipping business in England and insists that Jonathan stays with him for a month. The two send letters to England regarding the business. Jonathan writes Mina in a secret code. Jonathan explores the forbidden parts of the castle and is horrified by what he discovers. He wonders if he has gone mad.

Chapter 4
Jonathan attempts to escape the castle to no avail. His letters are intercepted by the Count. He discovers where the Count sleeps. Gypsies come to do work for the Count at the castle, but Jonathan is not able to communicate with the outside world. He waits for his doom.

Chapter 5
Mina, Jonathan’s girlfriend, writes letters back and forth to her friend Lucy about the young men in her life, Dr. Jack Seward and Quincey Morris. Arthur Holmwood introduced Lucy to Quincey Morris.

Chapter 6
Mina and Lucy arrive at Whitby. Dr. Jack Seward journals about his lunatic client Renfield. Mina is concerned that she has not heard from Jonathan. Lucy is beginning to act strangely in her sleep.

Chapter 7
A great storm in Whitby and a ship with its dead captain comes on shore. The cargo consisits of wooden boxes and a dog that jumps off the boat and disappears. The captain’s log tells about the horror that took place on the ship. The boat is claimed by a group of Russians. The town holds a funeral for the captain and a normally quiet dog is terrified. Lucy is bothered and continues dreaming and sleepwalking.

Chapter 8
Lucy is attacked by a tall thin figure and has two puncture marks on her throat. She continues to act strangely in her sleep. Mina hears that Jonathan is in a hospital in the care of Mr. Peter Hopkins. Jonathan requests she join him and marry him there. Dr. Jack Seward tells about the strange behavior he observers from his lunatic client Renfield.

Chapter 9
Mina and Jonathan marry. Mina and Lucy write each other. Dr. Seward tells more about Renfield. Arthur leaves Lucy to take care of is father. Dr. Jack Seward and Dr. VanHelsing care for Lucy who goes from better to worse.

Chapter 10
Lucy is drained of blood. Arthur and Dr. Seward give Lucy a blood transfusion. Prof. Van Helsing puts garlic flowers in Lucy’s room. Dr. Seward and Prof. Van Helsing keep watch.

Chapter 11
Dr. Van Helsing gives Lucy a blood transfusion. There is an interview with a zoo keeper that describes the escape and recapture of a wolf. Dr. Seward tells of Renfield’s escape and attack on him. Lucy’s mother dies and tells of the horrible events that took place that night.

Chapter 12
There is another attempt to save Lucy through a transfusion. News arrives from Mina and Jonathan. A change begins to take place in Lucy.

Chapter 13
There is a funeral for the deceased. Mina and Harker have a disturbing run-in with a mysterious man in London. Children of the town are attacked by the “Bloofer Lady.”

Chapter 14
The Harkers meet with Van Helsing and discuss Jonathan’s experiences with Count Dracula. Van Helsing and Seward discuss the injured children.

Chapter 15
Van Helsing tries to convince the others of what Lucy has become. They agree to work with him to try to stop what is happening.

Chapter 16
The men see evidence of what Lucy has become. They are shocked and agree to take steps to stop the un-dead.

Chapter 17
The Harkers join forces with the others. They share all that they know, and discover more information about Dracula’s connections with the area and plans for the future.

Chapter 18
The characteristics of the vampire are defined. The group makes a plan of action. Renfield shows that he has the ability to act in a sane and logical manner.

Chapter 19
The men enter Carfax to try to determine the location of the fifty boxes of earth. Mina is left alone, and finds herself feeling strange things.

Chapter 20
Harker determines the location of the missing boxes, and the men decide they must act quickly. Renfield is involved in a mysterious accident.

Chapter 21
Renfield reveals his involvement in the events surrounding Dracula. Mina and Harker are victims of Dracula’s plan.

Chapter 22
The group works to sterilize the boxes as quickly as possible. Mina is tormented by her “unclean” status, and contemplates her fate.

Chapter 23
The men try to attack Dracula, but he manages an escape. Mina is hypnotized in hopes of discovering his plans.

Chapter 24
The men decide to hide their plans from Mina, since the worry she may reveal their plans inadvertently. However, they soon consider the ways she can help them in completing their mission.

Chapter 25
The pursuit continues, with the men waiting for the boat carrying Dracula’s box. Unfortunately, they are outsmarted by the Count.

Chapter 26
Mina helps the group determine Dracula’s intended destination. They split up in hopes of cataching him before it it too late.

Chapter 27
The group confronts the gypsies transporting Dracula. The fates of each are revealed.

Author’s Note
The author tells the readers where he gets his ideas from.

Chapter 1: “How the Nome King Became Angry”
The Nome King is angry because Dorothy and Ozma had stolen his Magic Belt. He asks his Chancellor, Kaliko, and General Blug what to do. The King vows revenge upon Ozma and Dorothy.

Chapter 2: “How Uncle Henry Got into Trouble”
Because of Uncle Henry’s failing health and poor weather, he and Aunt Em are broke and are going to lose the farm. They tell Dorothy that she will be better off living as a princess in Oz rather than poor with them. Dorothy goes to her room and with the help of Ozma and the Magic Belt, she leaves for Oz.

Chapter 3: “How Ozma Granted Dorothy’s Request”
The author describes the land of Oz to us including the Ozites, the Hammer-Heads, Fighting Trees, and the Kalidahs. Dorothy asks Ozma if Aunt Em and Uncle Henry could live in the Emerald City. She says yes, but to surprise the old couple, for they might be skeptical.

Chapter 4: “How the Nome King Planned Revenge”
The King discusses building a tunnel under the deadly desert surrounding Oz. The Nome King gathers his army together and tries to choose a new general (after throwing General Blug away). Guph steps forwards and becomes the new General. The Nome King and Gen. Guph discuss plans on overtaking the Emerald City.

Chapter 5: “How Dorothy Became a Princess”
Dorothy and Toto return to Oz and are greeted by all of their friends. The next day, Dorothy and Ozma wait for Uncle Henry and Aunt Em to arrive in the throne room at the palace. The elderly couple are greeted by Ozma and the royal subjects.

Chapter 6: “How Guph Visited the Whimsies”
The Nome King begins work on his tunnel while General Guph visits the Whimsies. The Chief Whimsie agrees to help the Nomes conquer the Emerald City.

Chapter 7: “How Aunt Em Conquered the Lion”
Aunt Em and Uncle Henry are shown to their room. They dress in fancy attire and, guided by Dorothy, explore the Emerald City. They meet Billina, the yellow hen. Em and Henry explore the city on thieir own and meet the Cowardly Lion.

Chapter 8: “How the Grand Gallipoot Joined the Nomes”
Guph goes to see the Growleywogs to ask them for assistance. They make a deal and Guph is pleased. However, the Grand Gallipoot and his Chancellors agree in secret that as soon as they have conquered Oz, they will overtake the Nomes, steal all the jewels, and make everyone their slaves.

Chapter 9: “How the Wogglebug Taught Athletics”
Em and Henry are bored and restless. While Ozma ponders on small tasks that will keep them busy, Dorothy and the elders make a tour of the far corners of Oz. Several of Dorothy’s friends join the party. They visit Professor Wogglebug.

Chapter 10: “How the Cuttenclips Lived”
Dorothy and her friends continue to explore and come upon the Cuttenclips, a paper doll town. They meet Miss Cuttenclip, a real girl who makes the town from magic paper. Shaggy Man sneezed and the group decided to leave the town before they did any further harm.

Chapter 11: “How the General Met the First and Foremost”
Guph goes to visit the Phanfasms. The First and Foremost Phanfasm and the others agrees to help, but secretly plans to use the tunnel, conquer Oz themselves, kill the Nomes, Growleywogs, and Whimsies, and control the world.

Chapter 12: “How They Matched the Fuddles”
Dorothy and her friends continue on their way and meet a mittenless kangaroo. She tells the gang about the Fuddles in the nearby town of Fuddlecumjig. The people of that town literally fall to pieces when strangers come to visit. Dorothy and her friends matched some of the townspeople, sat down to dinner, and continued on their way.

Chapter 13: “How the General Talked to the King”
Guph returns to the Nome King with the news of his assistance. The King is instantly pleased, but expresses his reservations about attracting such powerful allies. They discuss why Nomes are afraid of eggs.

Chapter 14: “How the Wizard Practiced Sorcery”
Dorothy and the gang decide to head for the Rigmaroles. Before they get there, it starts to get dark and they set up camp. The Wizard makes tents out of a handkerchief. Aunt Em and Bellina quarrel about chickens.

Chapter 15: “How Dorothy Happened to Get Lost”
The gang helps to settle an argument between a zebra and a crab. The next morning Dorothy gets up early and, along with Toto and Bellina, takesa walk through the forest. They get lost and come upon the Spoon Brigade who take them to the kingdom of Utensia.

Chapter 16: “How Dorothy Visited Utensia”
Dorothy, Toto, and Bellina are taken to Utensia to come before King Kleaver. After a brief session trying to find something wrong with the strangers, the enchanted utensils let the captives go free and try to find the rest of their party.

Chapter 17: “How They Came to Bunbury”
Dorothy and the animals see a sign for Bunbury and decide to go there. They meet a town full of bread-product people. After Toto eats a raisin bun citizen, they are evicted from the town.

Chapter 18: “How Ozma Looked into the Magic Picture”
Princess Ozma reflects on her adventures with Dorothy as the tunnel continues to be burrowed.

Chapter 19: “How Bunnybury Welcomed the Strangers”
Dorothy, Toto, and Bellina visit Bunnybury, a town of rabbits. At the door, only Dorothy is allowed in and must be reduced to the size of rabbits. Toto and Bellina wait outside.

Chapter 20: “How Dorothy Lunched with a King”
Dorothy meets the King of Bunnybury and has lunch with him. He cries and complains about how unhappy he is being king. Dorothy says she’ll talk to Glinda and help him find a replacement.

Chapter 21: “How the King Changed His Mind”
Dorothy and the King of Bunnybury watch the royal subjects do tricks and acts of merryment. Each time, the king commented on how much he hated being king but loved all the extra things that came with it. The king changes his mind and decides to stay, but Dorothy scolds him for being unhappy all the time. He agrees to change his ways and soon Dorothy, Bellina, and Toto are off again.

Chapter 22: “How the Wizard Found Dorothy”
Dorothy and the animals meet up with the rest of their party and she tells them the adventures of the day. The next morning, the group sets off again. They arrive at the Rigmarole Town, the town where people speak in long drawn-out speeches.

Chapter 23: “How They Encountered the Flutterbudgets”
The gang arrive at Flutterbudget Center, where the citizens worry too much. They quickly leave and arrive in the land of the Winkies. They spot his castle and plan to have lunch with him.

Chapter 24: “How the Tin Woodman Told the Sad News”
Dorothy and her friends visit the Tin Man who looks troubled. He gives them a tour of the castle and lunch, then tells them of the Nome King’s terrible plot. He tells them of the hopelessness of the near future.

Chapter 25: “How the Scarecrow Displayed His Wisdom”
Along with the Tin Man, the group travels to visit the Scarecrow in his giant corn house. The Tin Man tells him about the news of Ozma’s fate. He tells them to live each day to the fullest. They all travel to the farm of Jack Pumpkinhead to tell him the sad news. The group heads back to the Emerald City.

Chapter 26: “How Ozma Refused to Fight for Her Kingdom”
The entire group arrives at the Emerald City and, after dinner, talk with Ozma about the tunnel. They watch (from the Magic Picture) the Nome King’s plans to attack at midnight. They discuss what their own plan will be. Ozma tells Dorothy about the Forbidden Fountain. The Scarecrow thinks up a plan.

Chapter 27: “How the Fierce Warriors Invaded Oz”
At midnight, the Nome King gathered his army and his allies together and prepared for the battle. Along the way, a good deal of dust appears in the tunnel causing them to become very thirsty.

Chapter 28: “How They Drank at the Forbidden Fountain”
Upon waking, Ozma, Dorothy and the others prepare for the battle. They stand just beyond the Forbidden Fountain. Each of the Nome King’s evil allies appear from the tunnel, see the fountain, and take a drink. At once, they forget everything. The Nome King drank the water and the same happened. Ozma told them all that they will only want to be kind from now on and instantly wished them back to their own homes.

Chapter 29: “How Glinda Worked a Magic Spell”
Ozma and the others prepare for a visit to Glinda the Good. Glinda comes up with a way to make Oz invisible to all eyes other than their own. She has made it impossible for anyone to communicate with Oz ever again.

Chapter 30: “How the Story of Oz Came To an End”
The author explains a letter written to him by Dorothy telling him that there will be no more communication with Oz. The author bids farewell and good luck to Dorothy and her friends.

Introduction
The narrator tells of his first encounter with Ethan Frome in the town of Starkfield, Massachusetts. The narrator seeks information on the reclusive Frome.

Chapter 1
A younger Ethan Frome walks the streets of Starkfield stopping at a dance in the community church. Ethan quietly watches Mattie.

Chapter 2
Ethan approaches Mattie after the dance concludes.

Chapter 3
Ethan thinks about the previous evenings events. Zeena leaves for Bettsbridge.

Chapter 4
The circumstances of Ethan's marriage to Zeena are explained. With Zeena gone for the evening, Mattie prepares dinner for herself and Ethan.

Chapter 5
After dinner, Mattie and Ethan talk. Although she is absent, Zeena's presence is still felt in the house.

Chapter 6
Zeena's return fills Ethan with a sense of foreboding.

Chapter 7
Upon returning, Zeena gives Ethan some unsettling news concerning Mattie.

Chapter 8
Ethan is plagued with indecision and doubt.

Chapter 9
Ethan insists on taking Mattie to the station.

Eulogy of Leonhard Euler
The life, theories, and discoveries of mathematician Leonhard Euler.

Christopher Columbus, Part 1
Columbus seeks a new route to the Indies and discovers America. His frightened sailors continually want to turn back and even threaten him. After about 10 weeks they do find land and natives.

Christopher Columbus, Part 2
Columbus seeks a new route to the Indies and discovers America. His frightened sailors continually want to turn back and even threaten him. After about 10 weeks they do find land and natives.

Hernando de Soto
A brief picture of the explorations of de Soto, including his discovery of the Mississippi River, and his death.

Sir Walter Raleigh
Sir Walter Raleigh grew up in England during a time of Spanish domination of the seas and the New World. Being patriotic, and having gained the notice of the queen and her dazzling court, he set out to make a new more powerful and glorious England. He was responsible for colonies set up in the New World which eventually met with disasters. He was not able to discover what happened to them in spite of much wealth devoted to the search.

Billy Beg and His Bull
Billy Beg and His Bull encounter many adventures in their escape from the king’s new queen.

“Blue Beard”
A frightening fairy tale about a cruel man named Blue Beard who won over his wives with his riches and murdered them if they disobeyed his orders.

“The Cake”
A short fable about a boy who beat his brother because he stole his cake.

“The Cat and the Mouse”
A cat bites the tail off of the mouse. The mouse is led on a merry chase attempting to bring back cream for the cat who will then return the mouse’s tail.

“The Cat and the Parrot”
A fairy tale about a cat that eats all who disagree with him.

“A Child’s Dream of a Star”
A folk tale about the connection between death and the afterlife, in this case, heaven.

“The Dun Horse”
A lame and sad-looking dun horse brings good luck to a poor Indian boy.

“Epaminondas”
Epaminondas has a difficult time knowing how to carry his grammy’s gifts home to his mammy. Each time he tries what his mammy told him, but things keep turning out wrong for him.

“The Fair One with the Golden Locks”
Avenant is sent to win over The Fair One with the Golden Locks for the king in his land. He is set to a number of tasks and because of his good nature he is able to complete them. The princess falls in love with Avenant instead of the king, but is only able to marry him after the king’s death.

“Fire! Fire! Burn Stick!”
An old lady buys a pig. Then she cannot get the pig to jump over a fence so she can get home. She asks for help but is refused until at last she finds a cow who will give her milk. This begins chain of events which leads to getting home with the pig.

“The Golden Goose”
The youngest and silliest of three sons finds good fortune in sharing his meal with a poor old man.

“The Golden River”
A story about an abused brother that gets his reward for his kind-hearted nature through magic.

“The Hare and the Hedgehog”
Written as a play, this is a story about neighbors who do not get along. The hedgehog challenges the hare to a contest. The contest is used to settle the differences between the neighbors. However, is the means fair?

“Jack and the Bean-Stalk”
An adventurous fairy tale about a boy Jack and his encounter with giants.

“Jack the Giant Killer”
A fairy tale about a boy Jack, known as the Giant Killer, and his adventures of escape from giants, magicians, and other horrendous monsters.

“The Lion and the Gnat”
The story of a gnat that was able to overcome a lion despite his small size. However, as the gnat gloats about his victory he is beaten by a spider’s web.

“Little Daylight”
A princess is born to a queen and king and upon her christening she is cursed by a bad fairy. Her curse is intercepted twice by two good fairies so the fate of the princess is not quite so harsh. The princess is doomed to sleep through the day to wake at night and wane and wax with the moon until kissed by a prince who knows nothing of her story.

“The Little Hero of Haarlem”
A fairy tale about a young boy named Hans that saved a town from drowning by plugging up the water in a bank with his finger.

“One Eye, Two Eyes, Three Eyes”
The sister named Little Two Eyes is put down by her sisters who think she is common. However, she gets magical assistance and has a happy ending.

“The Origin of Rubies”
How rubies were discovered in the ocean.

“Philemon and Baucis”
A village is preparing for a visit from Zeus. Everyone is too busy or too tired to extend any kindness to two beggars except Philemon and Baucis. This poor old couple has time for the strangers and are rewarded in a very unusual way for their generosity. This story is a translation of "Philemon and Baucis" from Metamorphoses by the Roman poet Ovid.

“The Pig Brother”
A fairy tale that teaches children to be tidy or they will be doomed to play with pigs in the mud.

“The Purple Jar”
Rosamond needed new shoes, but as she window-shopped she found she desired less prudent things. She was unwise in her decisions and paid the price for it when she was unable to participate in much because she did not have the proper shoes.

“Raggylug”
A short story about Raggylug, a baby rabbit, that lives with his mother and doesn’t heed her warning about hiding in the nest. After an encounter with a snake and a sudden escape, Raggylug learns his lesson.

“The Sailor Man”
A folk tale that teaches children not to daydream, but work for their reward.

“Sleeping Beauty”
An angry fairy casts a spell on a lovely princess. The spell is made less frightening by another fairy. In spite of all efforts to avoid the spell, the princess falls prey to its power. The spell can only be broken by the kiss of a handsome prince charming.

“The Story of Little Tavwots”
This Indian legend explains the size of rabbits. A rabbit named Tavwots caught the sun in his snare and had to release him. However, he melted to a quarter of his size with the exception of his feet.

“The Story of Wylie”
A story about a sheepdog named Wylie that helped farmers in the market with her expert herding skills.

"The Three Bears"
The story of the three bears and a girl named Silver-hair who breaks into their house.

“The Twelve Brothers”
The twelve sons of the king would be killed if the queen had a daughter. She had a daughter and the sons were banished to the forest until they would meet their sister.

“The Ugly Duckling”
A fairy tale in which an ugly duckling turns into a swan.

“Why Brother Bear Has No Tail”
Uncle Remus tells a story about Brer Bear.

“Why the Evergreen Trees Keep Their Leaves in Winter”
A fairy tale about a little bird with a broken wing and the trees that offered him shelter. The fairy tale is used to describe the nature of dying in winter.

“The Wise Men of Gotham”
Twelve fishermen think one of them has drowned. When they count to see if everyone is there they always count eleven.

The Emperor's New Clothes
The very vain Emperor in this fairy tale is tricked by a pair of thieves.

Chapter I: "Réné de Veaux"
When Rene De Veaux’s parents die he goes to live with his uncle, who happens to be setting out on an exploration of the new world.

Chapter II: "A Wonderful Deliverance"
The Indian tribe prepares for a great festival where a young man will be chosen as the bow-bearer.

Chapter III: "Chitta’s Revenge"
Chitta enacts his revenge against the tribe, causing problems for the Indians and the Frenchmen alike.

Chapter IV: "Has-se is Held Prisoner"
The soldiers capture Has-se for questioning. He and Rene discuss what has happened, what may happen, and what needs to be done.

Chapter V: "The Escape of Has-se and Rene"
Rene decides to make the journey with his friend. He is concerned about whether he can escape the fort undetected.

Chapter VI: "The Journey in Search of Food" The Flamingo Feather
The boys journey by canoe. Concerns are raised when they find evidence of others pursuing the tribe, evidence that leads them to fear there are enemies nearby.

Chapter VII: "Chitta Becomes a Seminole"
The story turns to Chitta, revealing his actions and travels after the burning of the storehouse.

Chapter VIII: "On the Trail"
The two groups both set out to follow the tribe. Each is aware there are others there, but neither knows what to expect from the other.

Chapter IX: "A Trap Avoided and Friends Discovered"
Has-se deals quickly with the venom of the moccasin. They boys learn that their friends are near, but they must first escape their enemies.

Chapter X: "Mutiny at Fort Caroline"
This chapter focuses on the events at Fort Caroline. The men are getting sicker, there is a mistaken “attack” on an Indian camp, and the soldiers mutiny.

Chapter XI: "Réné’s Return"
Rene recovers. He makes his request to the Alachuas. On the way to Fort Caroline there is news of the attack.

Chapter XII: "Abandoning the Fort"
Has-se shares the secret of the fort with Rene. The provisions are traded. The men make ready to return to France.

Chapter XIII: "Arrival of Jean Ribault"
The men are interrupted in their departure by the arrival of ships. Later even more ships arrive, with good news. Unfortunately there is also the arrival of bad news, as the Spanish ships are not far behind.

Chapter XIV: "A Night of Terror"
The weather changes Ribault’s plans. Menendez takes advantage of a land route. Rene saves others, but isn't safe himself.

Chapter XV: "Rene in the Hands of His Enemies"
Rene manages to befriend one of his captors, but fears that all hope is lost. The tribe prepares for feasting and torture.

Chapter XVI: "Has-se Receives the Token"
Has-se recieves the token and sets out to rescue his friend. E-chee, Has-se and Yah-chi-la-ne enter the Seminole camp.

Chapter XVII: "Death of Has-se (The Sunbeam)"
Has-se is killed, but not before asking Rene to take his place in the tribe. Chitta appears again.

Chapter XVIII: "The French Have Come Again"
The French return and Rene determines to leave the new world for home. He asks his tribe for help and promises to return. He learns much from the French, including news of his uncle.

Chapter XIX: "The Old World Once More"
Before departing, the group makes a profitable discovery. Rene and his uncle are reunited.

The Offshore Pirate
Ardita rebels against her uncle, who wishes her to behave as a respectable lady. He leaves her alone, and the ship is taken by Carlyle and his group of pirates. Things aren't all as they seem.

The Ice Palace
Sally Carrol thinks that she wants a different life than the one she leads in the South, with a man who isn't like the boys she grew up with. Her engagement to Henry and her trip North show her what that different life would be like.

Head and Shoulders
Horace Tarbox is known as a prodigy. He sees a plan for his life, until he meets Marcia Meadow. The knock at his door changes all the plans he thought he had.

The Cut-Glass Bowl
Evylyn and Harold Piper experience many events throughout their marriage, some pleasant and some tragic.

Bernice Bobs Her Hair
Marjorie's attempts to improve Bernice's social skills has unexpected consequences.

Benediction
In the midst of a major life decision, Lois reacquaints herself with her older brother who is training to be a Jesuit priest.

The Four Fists
Samuel Meredith recalls some pivotal moments in his life.

Front Matter
Opening quotes, dedication, and illustrations.

Preface to the second and revised edition
The preface to the book.

Part 1, This World, Section 1: Of the Nature of Flatland
The author explains to the reader the nature of Flatland.

Part 1, Section 2: Of the Climate and Houses in Flatland
The author uses shapes as a metaphor for males and females.

Part 1, Section 3: Concerning the Inhabitants of Flatland
The author describes the inhabitants of Flatland in regard to men and women.

Part 1, Section 4: Concerning the Women
The author explains his view of women.

Part 1, Section 5: Of Our Methods of Recognizing One Another
The author explains how inhabitants of Flatland recognize each other.

Part 1, Section 6: Of Recognition by Sight
The author continues to use geometric shapes to describe Flatland’s population.

Part 1, Section 7: Concerning Irregular Figures
The author clarifies a few things for the reader.

Part 1, Section 8: Of the Ancient Practice of Painting
The author talks about color.

Part 1, Section 9: Of the Universal Colour Bill
The author discusses the Art of Sight Recognition and the Universal Color Bill.

Part 1, Section 10: Of the Suppression of the Chromatic Sedition
The author discusses anarchy and a battle between the shapes.

Part 1, Section 11: Concerning Our Priests
The author describes the priests in Flatland.

Part 1, Section 12: Of the Doctrine of Our Priests
The author explains the basic doctrine of the priests.

Part 2, Other Worlds, Section 13: How I Had a Vision of Lifeland
The author has a vision of straight lines and assumes they are women.

Part 2, Section 14: How I Vainly Tried to Explain the Nature of Flatland
The author explains how he described Flatland to the king of Lifeland.

Part 2, Section 15: Concerning a Stranger from Spaceland
The author describes meeting a stranger in Spaceland.

Part 2, Section 16: How the Stranger Vainly Endeavoured to Reveal to Me in Words the Mysteries of Spaceland
The author describes what the stranger tells him of Spaceland.

Part 2, Section 17: How the Sphere, Having in Vain Tried Words, Resorted to Deeds
The sphere strikes back.

Part 2, Section 18: How I Came to Spaceland, and What I Saw There
The author describes his journey to Spaceland.

Part 2, Section 19: How, Though the Sphere Showed Me Other Mysteries of Spaceland, I Still Desire More; and What Came of It
The author describes his yearning for knowledge.

Part 2, Section 20: How the Sphere Encouraged Me in a Vision
The author describes his wife's reaction to the story.

Part 2, Section 21: How I Tried to Teach the Theory of Three Dimensions to My Grandson, and with What Success
The author describes how he attempted to teach three dimensions to his grandson.

Part 2, Section 22: How I Then Tried to Diffuse the Theory of Three Dimensions by Other Means, and of the Result
The author discusses his failure with his grandson.

Chapter 1: “In the Flat-Woods”
The narrator travels through the flat-woods of Eastern Florida and meets up with strangers. He comments on his experiences on his journey.

Chapter 2: “Beside the Marsh”
The narrator describes his surroundings as he sits on the bank of the marsh.

Chapter 3: “On the Beach at Daytona”
The narrator describes his stay on Daytona Beach and what he saw there — from birds to plays to scenery.

Chapter 4: “Along the Hillsborough”
The narrator describes his favorite road at New Smyrna. He mentions the river that runs along the road and the birds he has seen there.

Chapter 5: “A Morning at the Old Sugar Mill ”
The narrator describes his journey to visit “the Old Sugar Mill”, a collection of ruins north of New Smyrna.

Chapter 6: “On the Upper St. John’s”
The narrator talks of taking a “botanical stroll” along the St. John's River in Sanford.

Chapter 7: “On the St. Augustine Road”
The narrator travels down the St. Augustine Road and describes the scenery and meeting other travelers along the road

Chapter 8: “Ornithology on a Cotton Plantation”
The narrator describes his unorthodox travels to an old cotton plantation estate.

Chapter 9: “A Florida Shrine”
The narrator describes visiting the Murat estate.

Chapter 10: “Walks About Tallahassee”
The narrator arrives in Tallahassee in time to hear a political economist speak. The narrator then goes on to describe Tallahassee itself.

Chapter I: “Going South With the Warblers”
The narrator is surprised when he comes across a myrtle warbler.

Chapter II: “Certain Southern Butterflies”
The narrator searches for butterflies.

Chapter III: “St. Johns River: Along The River Margin”
The narrator discusses loquat trees, riverbank fishing, and the habitat along the riverbanks of the St. Johns River.

Chapter IV: “Birds of a Morning”
The narrator goes on a early-morning bird expedition.

Chapter V: “‘Twixt Grove and Swamp”
The narrator discusses the orange groves and how they’ve changed; and the swamps and their surrounding environment.

Chapter VI: “Jasmine and Cherokee Roses”
A discussion of the English settlers colonizing Florida.

Chapter VII: “A Frosty Morning in Florida”
The narrator describes the effect of frost on the nearby flora.

Chapter VIII: “Christmas at St. Augustine”
Through the use of broad imagery, the author describes the effect Christmas in St. Augustine has on him. He imagines Santa Claus’s night and what the nearby trees might be thinking.

Chapter IX: “In A Florida Freeze”
The narrator talks of an old bean man who hangs around the sea wall and watches for tourists. He goes on to describe the toll the winter in Florida is taking on the old man (who blames the Northerners for bringing the cold weather).

Chapter X: “Down the Indian River”
The narrator describes the birds (in particular the bobolinks and the yellow-billed cuckoo) and their migrating routes. He also talks about the different fruit and trees found along the Indian River.

Chapter XI: “Spring in the Savannas”
The narrator describes the different kinds of flora that grow in the spring.

Chapter XII: “Seven Thousand Pelicans”
The narrator describes the pelican from his physical features to mating habits.

Chapter XIII: “Just Fishing”
The narrator dreams of spending the rest of his days where he can fish from hand-made fishing poles. He goes on to explain how to make a proper fishing pole.

Chapter XIV: “Palmettos of the St. Lucie”
The narrator talks about making a brush fire when the weather is dry in order to clear the way for new trees. He also describes how you can see the palmettos from the St. Lucie River, anything and everything involving palmettos.

Chapter XV: “Intruding on Ward’s Herons”
The narrator describes the Ward’s heron and his experiences looking for them.

Chapter XVI: “One Road to Palm Beach”
The narrator describes the musk-melons that can be found to the west of the Indian River. He goes on to describe the day he was taken on a road that led to Palm Beach and his experiences there.

Chapter XVII: “Moonlight and March Mornings”
The narrator describes the moonlit nights leading up to March and thereafter.

Chapter XVIII: “In Grapefruit Groves”
The narrator explains the history of grapefruit. He describes the types of birds that frequent the groves and the other animals that can be found in the lush greenery of the grapefruit groves.

Chapter XIX: “Butterflies of Indian River”
The narrator describes the flora surrounding the Indian River, the types of fish that exist there, and the different butterfly species.

Chapter XX: “Alligators and Wild Turkeys”
The narrator describes the areas westward of the St. Lucie River. He goes on to talk further about the alligators who live there and ways to hunt them. He also describes the wild turkeys and their habits.

Chapter XXI: “Easter at Palm Beach”
The narrator describes Palm Beach as “a gem in a jungle.”

Chapter XXII: “Into the Miraculous Sea”
The narrator discusses Palm Beach, the pioneers, and the ocean.

Chapter XXIII: “Down the St. Johns”
The narrator describes the land along the St. Johns River in full detail.

Chapter XXIV: “Holly Blossom Time”
The narrator talks of the Holly Tree during different seasons.

Chapter XXV: “In a Turpentine Camp”
The narrator describes a negro man who works in a pinery and turpentine camp.

About Florida Oranges
The author discusses the beauty of the Florida orange and the pitfalls that plague its prosperity.

Alligator Hunting with Seminoles
An experience of hunting with Seminole Indians in Florida

Billy Bowlegs and the Seminole War
A short biographical sketch of the Seminole chief known as Billy Bowlegs.

Burial Mounds in South Florida
Burial mounds are studied, and mention is made of the historical tales of pirates and the development of the area for tourism.

The Clime of My Birth
The author marvels at the natural beauty of the Florida Landscape.

Cocoanut Grove
The speaker describes the beauty and emotion of Cocoanut Grove.

Evening Song
The author describes a sunset on the coast.

The Everglades
The author describes the charm and allure of the Florida Everglades, including the Indian inhabitants.

First Colonists in Florida
The author describes the first inhabitants of Florida and the gruesome battles.

Florida at Dawn
A poem describing the beauty of Florida at sunrise.

The Florida Beach
The speaker describes and reflects upon the scenery of a Florida beach.

The Florida Pioneers
The speaker looks back over family history, while placing their own struggles in the larger context of American progress.

Florida: A Poem
The speaker describes the state of Florida, a land of beauty, hard work, and promise. It seems a place where the future begins.

Fountain of Youth
The author describes the pursuit of the mythical Fountain of Youth.

From Mandarin to St. Augustine
The author discusses the many wonders of nature that can be witnessed while traveling between Mandarin and St. Augustine, Florida.

From the Flats
The author marvels at the flat nature of his surroundings.

The Grand Tour Up River
The Author gives a detailed description of the vegetation and wildlife that surrounds the St. Johns River.

He Laughed at the Word ‘Impossible’
The story of George S. Gandy’s perseverance and how he turned ridicule into nation-wide praise.

Henry B. Plant — Genius of the West Coast
A profile of Henry B. Plant published in 1925 in a Florida magazine. This profile was the second in a series called "The Ten Greatest Men of Florida," which the magazine described as a reader-requested series on the "men who had done the most toward the progress and development of Florida."

Henry M. Flagler — Empire Builder
A profile of Henry M. Flagler published in 1925 in a Florida magazine. This profile was the first in a series called "The Ten Greatest Men of Florida," which the magazine described as a reader-requested series on the "men who had done the most toward the progress and development of Florida."

The Mockingbird
The author is witness to a mockingbird's supper.

Nooning in Florida
The poet reflects on the world at noon, while laying back and dozing.

Ocala to Tampa by Train
The author describes the route from Ocala to Tampa Bay, focusing on the beauties he sees upon arriving in Tampa.

Orange Buds by Mail from Florida
The author imagines the many miles his orange buds have traveled to go from the Florida sun to snow covered New Jersey.

Orange Song
A poem about the orange tree.

Spanish-American War: The Rough Riders in Tampa
The Rough Riders’ time in Tampa is filled with misunderstandings which they deal with as best they can.

St. Augustine
The Author describes the scenery in St. Augustine, Florida.

Stanzas
The author contemplates the cyclical and temporary nature of life.

Tallahassee
The author describes the city of Tallahassee and the origin of its name and population information.

Tampa Robins
A robin has a meal under an orange-tree.

Thirty Months at the Dry Tortugas
Fort Jefferson and the nearby areas are described including information regarding the natural surroundings, the structure and workings of the fort, and events of historical interest.

Waiting at Live Oak
A poem about waiting for a train at the Live Oak, Florida Junction written in the 1800s.

Yellow Jessamine
The author describes a much revered flower that decorates the landscape of Florida.

"Tobin's Palm"
A palmist's predictions come true.

"The Gift of The Magi"
A couple makes personal sacrifices to give each other gifts for Christmas.

"A Cosmopolite in a Café"
A tale about world travel.

"Between Rounds"
An act of kindness interrupts a couple's violent pastime.

"The Skylight Room"
The tale of young woman stricken by poverty and society's shortcomings.

"A Service of Love"
A couple unknowingly makes sacrifices for one another.

"The Coming-Out of Maggie"
For a young woman, sudden popularity follows an invite to a dance.

"Man About Town"
The author's search for a "man about town" yields surprising results.

"The Cop and the Anthem"
A vagrant attempts in vain to be arrested.

"An Adjustment of Nature"
A young man deceives a rich fellow in order to prevent him from marrying a waitress.

"Memoirs of a Yellow Dog" The Four Million
A dog despises the masters coddling treatment.

"The Love-Philtre of Ikey Schoenstein"
A pharmacist conspires to diminish the capacity of a rival suitor.

"Mammon and the Archer"
An idealist believes money cannot help him acquire the things he truly desires.

"Springtime Á La Carte"
A woman fears she has been forgotten.

"The Green Door"
A man's sense of adventure helps a girl in need.

"From the Cabby's Seat"
A cab driver's apathy affects every aspect of his life.

"An Unfinished Story"
A poor working girl's tale.

"The Caliph, Cupid and the Clock"
A Prince in disguise provides assistance to a stranger.

"Sisters of the Golden Circle"
One bride helps another.

"The Romance of a Busy Broker"
A broker makes a request of his stenographer, having forgot his previous request.

"After Twenty Years"
A long planned meeting between old friends has unexpected consequences.

"Lost on Dress Parade"
An architect intends to deceive a young woman, unaware of her own deception.

"By Courier"
A couple employs the services of a unreliable messenger.

"The Furnished Room"
A man rents a room, unaware of the identity of the previous tenant.

"The Brief Début of Tildy"
Tildy finally receives the attention she has long desired.

Preface and Letters
The Preface explains the circumstances that led to the novel being written. The Letters are from Robert Walton to his sister, detailing his travels. In the fourth letter, Walton tells his sister about seeing a strange creature, and then about finding a starved man who he takes aboard and convinces to tell his story.

Chapter 1
The novel itself begins with a series of letters from the explorer Robert Walton to his sister, Margaret Saville. The stranger, who the reader soon learns is Victor Frankenstein, begins his narration. Frankenstein then describes how his childhood companion, Elizabeth Lavenza, entered his family.

Chapter 2
Victor grows up in a tight domestic circle, in which he flourishes, and is intrigued with the mysteries of the natural world. He begins his study of outdated alchemists and then electricity.

Chapter 3
Victor’s mother dies from scarlet fever she caught from nursing Elizabeth back to health just before he leaves for the university at Ingolstadt. He is discouraged in the study of the natural sciences, but continues his studies in the sciences after an encouraging chemistry lecture.

Chapter 4
Victor studies with enthusiasm and ignores his social life. He learns all his teachers have to teach him and begins his fascinating and absorbing work on an animate being because of his fixation on discovering the secret of life.

Chapter 5
Victor finishes his creature and is frightened by its appearance. He falls ill with a nervous fever after reuniting with Henry, who nurses him back to health and gives him a letter from Elizabeth.

Chapter 6
Victor recovers after reading the concerned letter from Elizabeth and introduces Henry to his professors. However, even the sight of chemical equipment makes Victor uneasy. He awaits his father’s letter to facilitate his return to Geneva.

Chapter 7
Victor receives a letter from his father telling him that his brother William has been murdered. When he reaches Geneva, the gates are already closed and he wanders in the woods, where he finds his creature. Justine has been accused of murdering William, however Victor is convinced his creature is responsible.

Chapter 8
Justine confesses to the crime even though she is innocent. Victor believes her innocence, however she is executed. Victor is consumed in guilt because his creation has killed two members of his family.

Chapter 9
Victor is melancholy after Justine’s execution and thinks of Elizabeth and his father to keep from thoughts of suicide. The family travels to their home at Belrive and the beautiful scenery cheers him somewhat.

Chapter 10
Victor is still depressed and travels to Montanvert hoping that the scenery will boost his spirits. He finds his monster, who eloquently greets him and convinces him to warm himself by a fire in an ice cave where the monster narrates the events of his life.

Chapter 11
The monster tells Victor of his confusion and awe in discovering the basic functions of life and the many aspects of fire. Humans were frightened by his appearance causing him to avoid any contact with them. From a hovel he observes the occupants of a cottage.

Chapter 12
The monster continues to observe the inhabitants and realizes their sadness is linked to their poverty. The monster tries to help them with their plight, begins to learn their language, and admires their graceful forms realizing his own deformities.

Chapter 13
A new guest that does not speak the common language moves into the cottage that the monster observes and he learns the language as it is taught to her. He learns the obligations and pleasures of human relationships and realizes his lonliness.

Chapter 14
After the monster eavesdrops for a while, he learns the history of the cottage family and recounts it to Victor.

Chapter 15
The monster finds a satchel with clothes and books and decides to study the books to learn more about the world. He decides to win over the blind old man in the cottage, that the cottagers might befriend him. However, when the other discover him, they run him off because they are appalled by his appearance.

Chapter 16
After being rejected, the monster seeks revenge on all human beings. He explains the circumstances of William’s murder and Justine’s conviction to Victor and then implores him to make another creature to be his mate.

Chapter 17
The monster convinces Victor to make him a female monster companion because his violent acts are a result of his desperate lonliness.

Chapter 18
Victor puts off the creation of the female creature and decides he needs to travel to England to gather information. He begins a two-year tour of England in order to fill his obligation before his marriage to Elizabeth.

Chapter 19
Victor convinces Henry to stay with a friend so he can continue on his own to work on his creation. He has a difficult time finishing because he knows the horror of his product.

Chapter 20
Victor becomes a slave to his fears and destroys his work on the second creature incurring the wrath of the monster. The monster threatens him and Victor decides to continue on with Henry. He dumps the remains of the second creature in the ocean and is accused of a murder committed the night before.

Chapter 21
Victor finds that the murdered man is his friend Henry, who has the mark of the monster’s hands on his neck. Victor goes into convulsions, falls ill, and remains in prison. His father stays with him until he is found innocent.

Chapter 22
Victor and his father return home and begin planning the wedding. He remembers the monster’s threat and keeps it a secret from Elizabeth, who is still worried about his frequent illnesses. The wedding takes place and they leave for a family cottage.

Chapter 23
Victor is convinced the monster’s threat was a proposal to duel with him. However, when he sends Elizabeth to bed, he finds the monster had intended to kill her. Following the sorrowful event, Victor’s father dies a few days later. Victor tries to tell the magistrate about the monster but he doesn’t believe him and Victor vows to devote his life to its destruction.

Chapter 24
Victor decides to leave Geneva in pursuit of the monster, who leaves him little clues and taunts to his whereabouts. They end up in the north and Victor falls ill and begs Walton to continue his quest. Walton believes his story. Just before Walton and his crew leave for England, Victor dies and the monster is found weeping over his creator’s body. He apologizes for the evil he has caused and he departs into the darkness.

To My Child-Friend
An introduction by the other to the reader.

Preface
The preface to the book.

Chapter 1, Part 1
The author explains the three kinds of propositions that will be used in the game.

Chapter 1, Part 2
The author discusses the Universe of Things and the set of things called a syllogism.

Chapter 1, Part 3
The author explains the use of logic and explains the fallacies associated with logic.

Chapter 2
The author poses several questions to the reader.

Chapter 3
The authors gives the answers to his many questions.

Chapter 4
The author gives the reader several random logic puzzles to decipher.

Geographical Evolution
A Lecture delivered at the Evening Meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, 24th March, 1879.

Collecting Rocks
The author discusses the historical significance of rocks. Tips for the proper collection, identification, classification, and housing of rocks are presented to the reader.

Fossils, Rocks, and Time
The authors discuss the formation and analysis of fossil formations.

Plain Geology
The author conveys his thoughts on the overuse of technical language in the discussion and explanation of the natural sciences.

Chapter 1
The Go Ahead Boys are on a motor boat and decide to race a yacht.

Chapter 2
The four boys continue on at a steady pace in their motor boat and talk about the boat races and the qualifications to enter West Point.

Chapter 3
They realize the swift boat they had attempted to race was Varmint and they stop in Poughkeepsie for lunch. They look for their lost companion, Sting, and dock for the night.

Chapter 4
The three boys find their missing companion in Albany when they arrive. John caught a ride on the Varmint and then they speak about how the boats compare and talk about the different canals they can explore.

Chapter 5
Grant realizes he has the wrong bag as he gets onto the motor boat. He discovers the bag is heavier than his and tries to think of a plan to get his back or at least open the mystery one. Fred and John seem to know something more about the luggage.

Chapter 6
As they travel, it begins to rain and they decide to take shelter for the night as they pass through the Erie Canal. However, the hotel is questionable, as are the folk that inhabit it, so the boys are hesitant. They have no choice because of the rain and reluctantly take the rooms offered to them.

Chapter 7
Fred is awakened by someone entering the room, but he doesn’t stay. When the boys attempt to depart in the morning, the rude men from the bar are on board and ready to depart. They stay on board as the boys leave the dock.

Chapter 8
The rude guests intimidate Fred at first and he tries to think of a plan to get rid of them. However, the gas begins to run low and he announces he will have to stop the motor boat. The men offer to take their money and get gas, but John insists he has to go with them. Just then the Caledonia comes into view and they hope to get a ride on it to town.

Chapter 9
The rude men leave the Go Ahead Boys when they saw the Caledonia and the four boys make their escape. The Caledonia takes them in tow after hearing their story, and they are able to get fresh gasoline and breakfast before conintuing on.

Chapter 10
As the boys continue on the chapter describes the banter between them as they switch their posts and continue sailing. However, the motor boat begins to drift and they are not sure how far off course they have gotten and do not know if help will be on the way.

Chapter 11
The boys get frustrated with their situation as Fred is useless because he is seasick and John is testy because his hands are blistered. However, the Caledonia comes to their rescue again and they are finally able to reside in harbor.

Chapter 12
Fred recovers from his seasickness and the Go Ahead Boys meet Sam, who worked in a factory that manufactured dummy parts. The continue on with their banter as they head toward their destination.

Chapter 13
The boys land at Cape Vincent and Fred finds a bond under one of the cushions in the boat. The rude man makes his appearance again, however Fred cuts the visit short. He claims the document is his and threatens the boys.

Chapter 14
The boys head for the Thousand Islands and discuss what to do about their rude passenger. They see the Varmint II and speak of racing the boats again.

Chapter 15
The boys arrive at the island and Fred tells his grandfather the whole story about the bond and the rude canal-men. They discuss what to do and come up with a solution.

Chapter 16
The two girls they met earlier fell out of their canoe and nearly drown. The boys save them and wait in the motor-boat until they can get them home.

Chapter 17
The boys wait to take the girls home. The girls come back fully recovered and tease the boys with the fact they caused the accident. Fred’s grandfather warns him that he needs to watch out for girls that are tombys because they cause trouble, however they planned to take the girls with them anyway.

Chapter 18
The boys take the motor-boat out for a race and the tomboy, Miss Susie, encourages him to go faster and she gets a lecture from Mr. Button about her unacceptable behavior. The run into the rude canal-man who claims the bond and wonder what to do.

Chapter 19
The boys determine that their motor-boat can compete with the Varmint II. Sam keeps them grounded telling them that they can only win if they can go faster than the other boat. They try the race again and feel encouraged by the outcome. Miss Susie seems to bring bad luck, but nothing bad happens that cannot be fixed. Mr. Button’s prejudice toward her grows.

Chapter 20
They discuss what occurred with the rude canal-man and the bond, but Fred did not get the outcome. Sam speaks to them more about the race and they all participate in their usual banter.

Chapter 21
At night the boys notice a man prowling around their motor-boat. Sam had a suspicion the boat would not be able to enter the race. Now all the boys feel that something is wrong with their motor-boat.

Chapter 22
As they prepare for the race and practice their courses, a suspicious boat turns the corner and runs into the motor-boat. A gash under the water line is left in the side of the boat and the boys await to hear if they are out of the race.

Chapter 23
The boys and Sam send the boat off to be repaired and the mechanics find nothing seriously injured. The Go Ahead Boys decide they need to keep watch on it all night and divide shifts. George sees an intruder on his shift and they all prepare themselves for the worst.

Chapter 24
They surrounded the boat house where they suspected the man to be. However, it was just the dummy Sam was making and they all laughed at their paranoia.

Chapter 25
The boys discover a detective who tells them the history of the bond and the canal-men that he was tracking. With the mystery solved the boys and Sam await the race.

Chapter 26
The boys and Sam race the motor-boat. There are a few intense moments with the Varmint II because it is their only real competition, however the Go Ahead Boys win the race after all their hard work.

Chapter 1
Young "Pip" encounters a stranger in the village churchyard.

Chapter 2
Frightened, Pip agrees to help the stranger.

Chapter 3
Pip encounters another stranger as he heads back to the marsh.

Chapter 4
Pip experiences guilt for the incident in the marsh, but continues to help the stranger.

Chapter 5
The Police show up at Pips house seeking assistance from Joe. Pip begins to feel a sense of loyalty to the convict. The convicts are discovered together, and Pip is shielded from blame.

Chapter 6
Pip returns to dinner but continues to feel a sense of guilt.

Chapter 7
Pip becomes acquainted with Biddy. Pip is to be sent to the home of Miss Havisham to play.

Chapter 8
Pip is taken to Miss Havisham's manor. Pip is affected by Miss Havisham's daughter, Estella.

Chapter 9
Pip is less than honest with Joe about his experiences at the Havisham manor.

Chapter 10
Pip encounters a mysterious strange in possession of a familiar object.

Chapter 11
Pip returns to Satis House.

Chapter 12
Pip's continued visits to Satis House create a distance between himself and Joe. Pip is devastated by Miss Havisham's decision.

Chapter 13
Joe visits Satis House to finish Pip's papers. Pip is angry at the current turn of events.

Chapter 14
Pip works diligently for Joe at the forge, but continually longs to return to Satis House.

Chapter 15
Joe defends Mrs. Joe's honor by fighting Orlick. Miss Joe is attacked.

Chapter 16
Pip begins to suspect Orlick in the attack on his sister.

Chapter 17
Biddy and Pip become closer. Biddy gives Pip a warning.

Chapter 18
Pip is given good news by the lawyer Jaggers.

Chapter 19
Pip prepares to leave for London feeling guilty about his behavior.

Chapter 20
Pip and Jaggers travel to London.

Chapter 21
Pip is introduced to Herbert Pocket, but realizes they have met before.

Chapter 22
Herbert tells Pip the story of Miss Havisham.

Chapter 23
Pip has dinner at the house of Matthew Pocket and observes the strange social lives of the Pocket family.

Chapter 24
Pip befriends Wemmick and gets a chance to see Jaggers in action.

Chapter 25
Pip continues to become acquainted with the Wemmick's, Pockets', and Jaggers.

Chapter 26
Pip has dinner with Jaggers. Jaggers warns Pip about Drummle.

Chapter 27
Joe visits Pip in London. Pip is informed of Estella's return to Satis House.

Chapter 28
Pip returns home, encountering the mysterious stranger from the pub once again.

Chapter 29
Pip returns to Satis House, but continues to feel inadequate around Estella.

Chapter 30
Jaggers has Orlick dismissed. Herbert tells Pip of his fiancee.

Chapter 31
Pip and Herbert attend a play.

Chapter 32
Pip receives correspondence from Estella. Wemmick gives Pip a tour.

Chapter 33
Estella's visit fills Pip with optimism.

Chapter 34
Pip experiences guilt about the nature of his lifestyle. News arrives concerning Mrs. Joe.

Chapter 35
Pip returns home for his sister's funeral. Pip makes a pledge to a skeptical Biddy.

Chapter 36
Pip turns twenty-one, giving him access to his fortune. Jaggers refuses to reveal the identity of Pip's benefactor.

Chapter 37
Pip gives anonymous assistance to Herbert.

Chapter 38
Pip visits Estella in London. Pip confronts Estella about one of her suitors.

Chapter 39
Pip is visited by his benefactor, and although horrified by the implications, Pip feels a loyalty to his benefactor.

Chapter 40
Pip encounters a another stranger and continues to assist "Uncle Provis".

Chapter 41
Herbert returns home prompting Magwitch to leave. Herbert and Pip devise a plan to keep Pip out of harms way.

Chapter 42
Magwitch tells the story of his life to Herbert and Pip. Herbert reveals a secret to Pip concerning Miss Havisham.

Chapter 43
Pip prepares to say his farewells.

Chapter 44
Miss Havisham confesses to Pip. Pip professes his feelings to Estella. Pip receives a note from Wemmick.

Chapter 45
While in hiding, Pip is told of Compeyson's return.

Chapter 46
Herbert and Pip construct a plan for Magwitch's escape.

Chapter 47
Pip continues to worry for Magwitch's safety. Pip fears he is being followed.

Chapter 48
Pip dines with Jaggers and learns of Estella's marriage.

Chapter 49
Miss Havisham begs for Pips forgiveness. A hardship befalls Miss Havisham.

Chapter 50
Herbert tells Pip the rest of Magwitch's story.

Chapter 51
Pip confronts Jaggers concerning Estella's parents.

Chapter 52
Pip heads back to the marsh once again.

Chapter 53
Pip encounters an old nemesis at the marsh. Herbert arrives just in time.

Chapter 54
Pip and Herbert take Magwitch down river.

Chapter 55
Pip remains loyal to Magwitch, as Herbert and Wemmick both prepare to marry their fiancees.

Chapter 56
Pip eases Magwitch's mind before he departs, and prays for him afterwards.

Chapter 57
Pip, in extreme debt, falls ill. Joe comes to Pip's aid bring news of home. Pip decides to return home.

Chapter 58
Pip is shocked and disappointed with the situation at home. Pip reconsiders Herbert's offer.

Chapter 59
Pip returns home after an extended period abroad. Pip pays a visit to the remains of Satis House.

Cannetella
Cannetella doesn’t wish to be married, but agrees to do so if her father finds a man to fit her outrageous demands. Her insistence leads her to trouble, when her husband treats her poorly. She manages an escape, but her husband pursues her, using magic to try to capture her once more.

The Daughter of Buk Ettemsuch
One of seven daughters is the only to obey her father’s orders. She is left alive to escape, but finds herself living as the daughter of an ogre. A prince asks for her hand, but the ogre forbids her to speak unless he addresses her with the special words.

A Fairy’s Blunder
A thoughtless fairy enchants a fountain without considering the effects of the enchantment. Beyond destroying the town, the mistake takes effect against the young wards of another fairy. The fairies try to discover a way to undo the mistake and reunite the young lovers.

Long, Broad, and Quickeye
A young prince is offered whatever he likes best, but to his father’s dismay, he chooses a princess who is trapped by an enchantment. On his way to reach her he meets with three men, each with a special skill. Together the four men are able to work together against the magician’s spell.

The Ogre
A simple boy is driven into the world by his mother’s treatment of him. He meets with an ogre, who treats him well and assists him. The ogre allows him to visit his family, but his ignorance leads him into trouble twice. The third visit brings more wisdom, and the rewards that come with his new knowledge.

The Twin Brothers
A fisherman and his wife wish for sons. An old woman tells the wife how to get the sons she wishes for. When the twins grow, they wish to go into the world. The first brother goes on adventures, until the signs of distress bring his brother to his aid.

The Unlooked-For Prince
A king who has not been able to have children makes a promise, only to find that he has given up his only child. The prince determines to find a way out of the promise, and completes several tasks with the help of the princess.

The Golden Bird
The king's three sons pursue the rare golden bird.

Hans In Luck
Hans travels home to see his mother.

Jorinda and Jorindel
Jorindel must rescue his bride to be from the spell of a fairy.

The Travelling Musicians
A group of displace animals successfully defend themselves against robbers.

Old Sultan
An old dog ingratiates himself to his master, hoping to avoid a dire fate.

The Straw, the Coal, and the Bean
Having escaped death, three new friends attempt to make a getaway.

Briar Rose
An enchanted princess must be saved by a prince.

The Dog and the Sparrow
A sparrow takes vengeance on a malicious waggoner.

The Twelve Dancing Princesses
A king attempts to discover the secret of his daughter's worn shoes.

The Fisherman and His Wife
A fisherman and his wife encounter a magical fish.

The Willow-Wren and the Bear
The Bear's insult causes a war between the wing and four-legged creatures of the forest.

The Frog-Prince
A spoiled princess befriends an enchanted frog.

Cat and Mouse in Partnership
A cat and mouse decide to work together.

The Goose-Girl
A betrothed princess is betrayed by her waiting maid.

The Adventures of Chanticleer and Partlet
A rooster fears that his dreams will come true.

Rapunzel
An enchanted maiden awaits the arrival of her suitor.

Fundevogel
Fundevogel and Lina avoid peril at the hands of an evil witch.

The Valiant Little Tailor
By using his wits, a tailor achieves success.

Hansel and Gretel
Two abandoned children battle an evil witch.

The Mouse, the Bird and the Sausage
The mouse, the bird and the sausage find their peaceful existence interrupted.

Mother Holle
A young girl's good deeds bring her rewards, whereas her stepsister's laziness results in a life of ugliness.

Little Red-Cap (Little Red Riding Hood)
Little Red-Cap travels through the dangerous forest to visit her grandmother.

The Robber Bridegroom
A young woman learns some unsettling things about her soon to be husband.

Tom Thumb
A young man no larger than a thumb experiences many great adventures.

Rumpelstiltskin
A miller's lie forces his daughter to make a deal with an evil dwarf in order to avoid execution.

Clever Gretel
Gretel uses her wits in order to avoid punishment.

The Old Man and His Grandson
A couple's treatment of an aging relative changes after a comment by their son.

The Little Peasant
A poor peasant becomes a rich man.

Frederick and Catherine
A group of thieves are stopped by Frederick and Catherine's actions.

Sweetheart Roland
A witch plots against her stepdaughter.

Snowdrop
An evil queen is jealous of her stepdaughter's beauty.

The Pink
A queen's prayers are answered, but is betrayed by her cook.

Clever Elsie
Elsie attempts to impress her husband causes her much trouble.

The Miser in the Bush
After working for a miserly farmer, a servant has three wishes granted.

Ashputtel
A young woman's father remarries after the death of his wife.

The White Snake
A servant uses his newfound power to proves his innocence.

The Wolf and the Seven Little Kids
A mother goat rescues her children from a hungry wolf.

The Queen Bee
The youngest of three sons frees an enchanted castle from its spell.

The Elves and the Shoemaker
A poor shoemaker receives some much needed help.

The Turnip
Two brothers serves as soldiers to a king.

Clever Hans
Hans' behavior takes a toll on his marriage.

The Three Languages
A count's son uses his newfound talents to become successful.

The Fox and the Cat
A cat meets an arrogant fox in the woods.

The Four Clever Brothers
Four brothers set out into the world to earn their fortunes.

The Lily and the Lion
A merchant encounters a lion while on his journeys.

The Fox and the Horse
With the help of a fox an old horse attempts to get back into his master's good graces.

The Blue Light
With the help of a dwarf, a soldier achieves great fortunes.

The Raven
A queen wishes her troublesome daughter away.

The Golden Goose
The youngest of three brothers is rewarded for his kindness.

The Water of Life
An old man sends his three sons on a mission, but only the youngest is successful in his endeavors.

The Twelve Huntsmen
A young man travels to visit his ailing father.

The King of the Golden Mountain
A poor merchant is promised future riches.

Doctor Knowall
A peasant finds himself in the right place at the right time.

The Seven Ravens
A sister searches for her seven lost brothers.

The Wedding of Mrs. Fox
An old fox intends to test the loyalty of his wife.

The Salad
A young hunter's kindness brings him great rewards.

The Story of the Youth Who Went Forth to Learn What Fear Was
A young man searches for the true nature of fear.

King Grisly-Beard
A princess is taught a valuable lesson about pride.

Iron Hans
Iron Hans assists a worthy prince in a series of adventures.

Cat-Skin
A lord's daughter disguises herself as a peasant then returns to the castle to work in the kitchen.

Snow-White and Rose-Red
Two sisters provide assistance to a bear in distress.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 1
The author gives some account of himself and family. His first inducements to travel. He is shipwrecked, and swims for his life. Gets safe on shore in the country of Lilliput; is made a prisoner, and carried up the country.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 2
The emperor of Lilliput, attended by several of the nobility, comes to see the author in his confinement. The emperor’s person and habit described. Learned men appointed to teach the author their language. He gains favour by his mild disposition. His pockets are searched, and his sword and pistols taken from him.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 3
The author diverts the emperor, and his nobility of both sexes, in a very uncommon manner. The diversions of the court of Lilliput described. The author has his liberty granted him upon certain conditions.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 4
Mildendo, the metropolis of Lilliput, described, together with the emperor’s palace. A conversation between the author and a principal secretary, concerning the affairs of that empire. The author’s offers to serve the emperor in his wars.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 5
The author, by an extraordinary stratagem, prevents an invasion. A high title of honour is conferred upon him. Ambassadors arrive from the emperor of Blefuscu, and sue for peace. The empress’s apartment on fire by an accident; the author instrumental in saving the rest of the palace.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 6
Of the inhabitants of Lilliput; their learning, laws, and customs; the manner of educating their children. The author’s way of living in that country. His vindication of a great lady.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 7
The author, being informed of a design to accuse him of high-treason, makes his escape to Blefuscu. His reception there.

Part One: A Voyage to Lilliput: Chapter 8
The author, by a lucky accident, finds means to leave Blefuscu; and, after some difficulties, returns safe to his native country.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 1
A great storm described; the long boat sent to fetch water; the author goes with it to discover the country. He is left on shore, is seized by one of the natives, and carried to a farmer’s house. His reception, with several accidents that happened there. A description of the inhabitants.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 2
A description of the farmer’s daughter. The author carried to a market-town, and then to the metropolis. The particulars of his journey.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 3
The author sent for to court. The queen buys him of his master the farmer, and presents him to the king. He disputes with his majesty’s great scholars. An apartment at court provided for the author. He is in high favour with the queen. He stands up for the honour of his own country. His quarrels with the queen’s dwarf.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 4
The country described. A proposal for correcting modern maps. The king’s palace; and some account of the metropolis. The author’s way of travelling. The chief temple described.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 5
Several adventurers that happened to the author. The execution of a criminal. The author shows his skill in navigation.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 6
Several contrivances of the author to please the king and queen. He shows his skill in music. The king inquires into the state of England, which the author relates to him. The king’s observations thereon.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 7
The author’s love of his country. He makes a proposal of much advantage to the king, which is rejected. The king’s great ignorance in politics. The learning of that country very imperfect and confined. The laws, and military affairs, and parties in the state.

Part Two: A Voyage to Brobdingnag: Chapter 8
The king and queen make a progress to the frontiers. The author attends them. The manner in which he leaves the country very particularly related. He returns to England.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 1
The author sets out on his third voyage. Is taken by pirates. The malice of a Dutchman. His arrival at an island. He is received into Laputa.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 2
The humours and dispositions of the Laputians described. An account of their learning. Of the king and his court. The author’s reception there. The inhabitants subject to fear and disquietudes. An account of the women.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 3
A phenomenon solved by modern philosophy and astronomy. The Laputians’ great improvements in the latter. The king’s method of suppressing insurrections.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 4
The author leaves Laputa; is conveyed to Balnibarbi; arrives at the metropolis. A description of the metropolis, and the country adjoining. The author hospitably received by a great lord. His conversation with that lord.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 5
The author permitted to see the grand academy of Lagado. The academy largely described. The arts wherein the professors employ themselves.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 6
A further account of the academy. The author proposes some improvements, which are honourably received.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 7
The author leaves Lagado: arrives at Maldonada. No ship ready. He takes a short voyage to Glubbdubdrib. His reception by the governor.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 8
A further account of Glubbdubdrib. Ancient and modern history corrected.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 9
The author returns to Maldonada. Sails to the kingdom of Luggnagg. The author confined. He is sent for to court. The manner of his admittance. The king’s great lenity to his subjects.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 10
The Luggnaggians commended. A particular description of the Struldbrugs, with many conversations between the author and some eminent persons upon that subject.

Part Three: A Voyage to Laputa, Balnibarbi, Luggnagg, Glubbdubdrib, and Japan: Chapter 11
The author leaves Luggnagg, and sails to Japan. From thence he returns in a Dutch ship to Amsterdam, and from Amsterdam to England.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 1
The author sets out as captain of a ship. His men conspire against him, confine him a long time to his cabin, and set him on shore in an unknown land. He travels up into the country. The Yahoos, a strange sort of animal, described. The author meets two Houyhnhnms.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 2
The author conducted by a Houyhnhnm to his house. The house described. The author’s reception. The food of the Houyhnhnms. The author in distress for want of meat. Is at last relieved. His manner of feeding in this country.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 3
The author studies to learn the language. The Houyhnhnm, his master, assists in teaching him. The language described. Several Houyhnhnms of quality come out of curiosity to see the author. He gives his master a short account of his voyage.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 4
The Houyhnhnm’s notion of truth and falsehood. The author’s discourse disapproved by his master. The author gives a more particular account of himself, and the accidents of his voyage.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 5
The author at his master’s command, informs him of the state of England. The causes of war among the princes of Europe. The author begins to explain the English constitution.

A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 6
A continuation of the state of England under Queen Anne. The character of a first minister of state in European courts.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 7
The author’s great love of his native country. His master’s observations upon the constitution and administration of England, as described by the author, with parallel cases and comparisons. His master’s observations upon human nature.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 8
The author relates several particulars of the YAHOOS. The great virtues of the HOUYHNHNMS. The education and exercise of their youth. Their general assembly.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 9
A grand debate at the general assembly of the HOUYHNHNMS, and how it was determined. The learning of the HOUYHNHNMS. Their buildings. Their manner of burials. The defectiveness of their language.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 10
The author’s economy, and happy life, among the Houyhnhnms. His great improvement in virtue by conversing with them. Their conversations. The author has notice given him by his master, that he must depart from the country. He falls into a swoon for grief; but submits. He contrives and finishes a canoe by the help of a fellow-servant, and puts to sea at a venture.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 11
The author’s dangerous voyage. He arrives at New Holland, hoping to settle there. Is wounded with an arrow by one of the natives. Is seized and carried by force into a Portuguese ship. The great civilities of the captain. The author arrives at England.

Part Four: A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms: Chapter 12
The author’s veracity. His design in publishing this work. His censure of those travellers who swerve from the truth. The author clears himself from any sinister ends in writing. An objection answered. The method of planting colonies. His native country commended. The right of the crown to those countries described by the author is justified. The difficulty of conquering them. The author takes his last leave of the reader; proposes his manner of living for the future; gives good advice, and concludes.

Story 1: "The Little Lost Fox"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. This story specifically focuses on the children saving a little fox named Reddy from the redcoats.

Story 2: "The Big Bobsled"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. In this story the Toyman that is a friend to the three children has a mysterious secret in his workshop that keep the boys guessing and therefore, entertained.

Story 3: "The Jolly Roger"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. In this story the rain keeps the children indoors until they turn the thought of a flood into an imaginative game in which they are pirates on a ship.

Story 4: "The Blue Croaker, the Bright Agate, and the Little Gray Mig"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. The Toyman brings the three children marbles to play with and the story explains the many seasons of the fictional Boyland.

Story 5: "The Old Woman Who Lived on the Canal"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. This story focuses on the three boys as they play on the river and the canal. They see a very interesting boat and watch its activities.

Story 6: "Two O' Cat"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. Marmaduke is at first left out of the baseball game and is very upset by it. However, he practices and he impresses the other boys when they let him join in.

Story 7: "The Fairy Lamp"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. Marmaduke gets tonsilitis and has to stay in bed. One night he meets a fairy who sings to him and takes him around the world.

Story 8: "The Animals' Birthday Party"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. On Marmaduke’s birthday he holds a birthday party for the various barnyard animals and persuades them with their favorite types of food. However, the animals misbehave and Marmaduke has to figure out what to do.

Story 9: "Dr. Philemon Pipp, the Patent Medicine Man"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. The three children went to a market and watched a peddler/street performer sell his wares with magic tricks to awe the customers. The Toyman tells them to beware of such scams.

Story 10: "When Jehosophat Forgot His Piece"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. For Commencement all the children have to memorize pieces of poetry. Jehosophat works very hard to try to memorize his, but his nerves get the best of him due to the teasing of his friends and he suddenly forgets it.

Story 11: "Ole Man Pumpkin"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. The story focuses on the three children celebrating the Halloween traditions, including the carving of a pumpkin, bobbing for apples, and other festivities.

Story 12: "The Norway Spruce"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. This story describes the excitement of the children in their anticipation for Christmas and the gathering of their special tree.

Story 13: "When the Door Opened"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. A story that continues to describe the traditions of Christmas. The three children receive a special visit from Santa, who distributes their Christmas presents.

Story 14: "The Hole that Ran to China"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. In this story Marmaduke and the Toyman dig a hole to China with their magical friends.

Story 15: "The Peppermint Pagoda"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. In this story Marmaduke and his friends travel to China through the hole they dug.

Story 16: "He That Took the City"
A part of a collection of short stories about three children in the revolutionary times. The Toyman is in bad humor and Marmaduke is able to cheer him up his friendship.

Cast of Characters
The Cast of Characters is Presented.

Act 1, Scene 1
The watchmen and Horatio encounter a familiar spirit at Castle Elsinore.

Act 1, Scene 2
Claudius explains his hasty nuptials. Gertrude and Claudius have a request for Hamlet. Hamlet continues to lament his loss.

Act 1, Scene 3
Laertes counsels Ophelia in matters of the heart. Polonius gives his son some fatherly advice before he departs.

Act 1, Scene 4
Hamlet, Horatio, and Marcellus wait for another encounter with the spirit.

Act 1, Scene 5
The spirit gives Hamlet some unsettling news. Hamlet, Horatio, and Marcellus take an oath of secrecy.

Act 2, Scene 1
Poloinius intends to keep a watchful eye on Laertes. Ophelia reports a strange encounter with Hamlet to her father.

Act 2, Scene 2
Claudius and Gertrude hope that visitors will help with Hamlet's mood. Claudius receives news from Norway. Polonius, believing he has discovered the cause for Hamlet's madness, attempts to have a conversation with him. The arrival of the acting troupe gives Hamlet the opportunity to devise a trap for Claudius.

Act 3, Scene 1
Gertrude and Claudius agree to see the play. Polonius and Claudius secretly observe Hamlet's behavior leading Claudius to an unsettling conclusion.

Act 3, Scene 2
Hamlet prepares the actors for their performance. Horatio agrees to help Hamlet by observing Claudius. Claudius' behavior during the play is very strange. Hamlet is summoned by Gertrude.

Act 3, Scene 3
Claudius prepares to dispatch Hamlet to England. Hamlet, encountering Claudius in mid-prayer, resolves to act later and under different circumstances.

Act 3, Scene 4
Polonius attempt at eavesdropping does not go as planned. Hamlet encounters the ghostly visitor once more.

Act 4, Scene 1
Gertrude tells Claudius of her encounter with Hamlet and Polonius' fate.

Act 4, Scene 2
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern confront Hamlet.

Act 4, Scene 3
Claudius announces the fate of Polonius to his attendants. Rosencrantz, Guildenstern, and Hamlet depart for England unaware of the King's intentions.

Act 4, Scene 4
Hamlet's encounter with Fortinbras fortifies his desire for revenge.

Act 4, Scene 5
Ophelia behavior is cause for concern. Laertes returns from France seeking revenge of his own.

Act 4, Scene 6
Horatio receives correspondence for Hamlet, who has returned to Denmark.

Act 4, Scene 7
Claudius meets with Laertes to discuss Polonius and Hamlet. Gertrude tells Claudius of Ophelia's fate.

Act 5, Scene 1
Hamlet and Horatio come upon two grave-diggers. Hamlet ponders the inevitability of death. The arrival of Ophelia's funeral procession results in a confrontation between Hamlet and Laertes.

Act 5, Scene 2
Laertes' and Claudius' scheme does not go as planned. Hamlet instructs Horatio as Fortinbras prepares to enter the castle.

Part 1
Marlow recounts his journey up the Congo River to the narrator and his fellow travelers.

Part 2
Marlow overhears a conversation regarding Kurtz. Marlow starts his journey up river to visit Kurtz accompanied a by the local natives.

Part 3
Marlow and a company manager meet with Kurtz, who has become gravely ill. Marlow finds himself ostracized after defending Kurtz.

Foreword
Foreword to the text giving explanation of the books title.

Chapter 1: The Scapegoat
Mr. Asbury is a businessman who successfully works his way up from a barbershop owner to a lawyer. Upon his success, Mr. Bingo conspires against him to make Mr. Asbury the scapegoat for his crimes.

Chapter 2: One Christmas at Shiloh
Mrs. Mixon leaves her home to move to the North where she can be somebody, leaving her lazy husband behind. She tells him if he ever makes something of himself to come find her. Come Christmastime the pastor at Mrs. Mixon's new church asks her to host a strange guest preacher who is coming to visit.

Chapter 3: The Mission of Mr. Scatters
A well dressed stranger, Mr. Scatters, comes to the sleepy town of Miltonville to give Mr. Isaac Jackson an inheritance from his rich brother.

Chapter 4: A Matter of Doctrine
Reverend Mr. Hayward plagiarizes more than just the sermons he listens to at the white church.

Chapter 5: Old Abe's Conversion
Reverend Abram Dixon's only son, Robert, becomes a minister by going to college. When he comes home to visit Robert proves to his father that his way of preaching is as effective as his fathers, even though they have very different views.

Chapter 6: The Race Question
Two men converse while at the race track.

Chapter 7: A Defender of the Faith
The reporter, Miss Arabella Coe, changes a Christmas for the family of the house Number Ten "D" Street.

Chapter 8: Cahoots
A man visiting an old Virginia grave-yard sees two monuments side by side. One monument is inscribed with the name Robert Vaughan Fairfax and 1864, and the other simply said "Cahoots" and nothing more. The man then goes to a nearby post-office to ask the man in charge about the two monuments.

Chapter 9: The Promoter
Mr. Buford schemes an old lady to invest her inheritance.

Chapter 10: The Wisdom of Silence
Jeremiah Anderson's pride keeps him from asking for help from his ex-slave master after he is freed.

Chapter 11: The Triumph of Ol' Mis' Pease
Ol' Mis' Pease seeks revenge from Nancy Rogers, after Nancy marries her ex-husband.

Chapter 12: The Lynching of Jube Benson
Dr. Melville tells a first hand story of the lynching of Jube Benson.

Chapter 13: Schwalliger's Philanthropy
Mr. Schwalliger helps an old man get back his money after he lost it in a scheme at the racetracks.

Chapter 14: The Interference of Pasty Ann
Young Patsy Ann is afraid of getting a step mother after Mrs. Caroline Gibson tells her that all step mothers are horrible people.

Chapter 15: The Home-Coming of 'Rastus Smith
No one is more excited about the homecoming of Erastus Smith, than his old childhood sweetheart Sally Martin.

Chapter 16: The Boy and the Bayonet
When Bud is performing in the Cadet Corps competitive drill, his mother Hannah Davis, and his little sister, watch anxiously in the crowd.

An April Day
The poet celebrates spring, as nature recovers from the harshness of winter.

The Arrow and the Song
A poem about the bond of friendship.

The Arsenal at Springfield
A poem about violence and war.

Autumn Sonnet
A poem centered around Autumn and nature.

The Beleaguered City
This poem describes a haunted scene after a battle and how the flow of life has won.

The Belfry of Bruges, Carillon
A poem about the ringing of the bells in a Flemish belfry

The Belfry of Bruges
The poem decribes the author’s dream centered around the town belfry

The Bridge
A poem about hope (using water as a metaphor)

Burial of the Minnisink
The poem describes the funeral of a Native American chief.

Dante
Longfellow’s poem describing someone troubled confessing to a clergyman

The Day is Done
A poem about escaping from the sorrows and loneliness of the night by reading great works of literature

Endymion
A poem about love using images of acient mythological figures

The Evening Star
A poem describing a star as if it were a beautiful woman

Excelsior
The poem describes a young man passing through a town bearing the banner “Excelsior” (translated from Latin as “ever higher”), ignoring all warnings, climbing higher until inevitably, “lifeless, but beautiful” he lies half-buried in the snow.

Flowers
Flowers contain all the beauty, love, hope, death, rebirth that is life, if one but looks closely.

Footsteps of Angels
Friendly ghosts cheer the narrator with their nocturnal visits.

A Gleam of Sunshine
A poem describing the beauty and the wonders of nature bathed in sunlight.

The Goblet of Life
The author uses the goblet as a metaphor for life itself. It’s bitter to those who “haven’t lived”.

God's Acre
A poem describing a burial mound as “God’s Acre” (taken from an ancient Saxon phrase)

The Good Part That Shall Not Be Taken Away
A poem of liberation

Hymn to the Night
The speaker hails and welcomes the coming of Night.

Inscription for an Antique Pitcher
A poem describing the story of a wine pitcher as used in ancient days

It Is Not Always May
This poem descibes youth and beauty using nature as a metaphor.

L'envoi
The poet ruminates on voices in the night.

The Light of Stars
The poet muses upon seeing Mars in the night sky, and contemplates how Mars’s steadfastness reminds him to endure life’s hardships.

Maidenhood
A poem describing the wonders of womanhood

Mezzo Cammin
This poem relays the feelings of what might have been and mistakes made in the past (in rhyme scheme).

Midnight Mass for the Dying Year
The poet ruminates on the coming of winter.

The Norman Baron
A poem regarding a dying French baron who, at the end of his life, frees his slaves in order to redeem his soul.

Nuremberg
This poem describes the artistic town of Nuremburg through the eyes of merchants and laborers

The Occultation of Orion
This poem describes a battle fought by the constellation Orion

The Old Clock on the Stairs
A poem explaining that despite death, time goes on.

Psalm of Life
Live fully; get out and do things. The purpose of life is to live it.

The Quadroon Girl
This poem describes the sale of a beautiful young concubine

Rain in Summer
This poem uses the rain to describe time as eternal.

The Rainy Day
A rainy day brings thoughts of the past and of current troubles.

The Reaper and the Flowers
Death comes to gather flowers for saints to wear.

Serenade
A man protects his lady while she sleeps.

The Skeleton in Armor
A Viking ghost wants his story retold.

The Slave in the Dismal Swamp
The author gives an account of a runaway slave who escapes his master’s beatings.

The Slave Singing at Midnight
The author describes coming upon a slave singing in a prison cell, when a tragedy occurred

The Slave's Dream
A poet describes a slave’s mental escape from reality during a fatal beating

The Spirit of Poetry
The natural world is the source of poetry.

Sunrise on the Hills
The poet ruminates upon the morning sun shining on the woods and hills. He encourages readers to spend more time in nature to soothe their souls.

To a Child
Longfellow talks to a child about the good and the bad of the real world.

To an Old Danish Song-book
The travels of a tattered and worn songbook

To the Driving Cloud
A poem describing the discontented feelings of the Native American population of the time, while describing the beautiful imagery of their surrounding nature.

To the River Charles
Longfellow uses the river as a metaphor for life and friendship.

To William E. Channing
The author writes to Mr. Channing that the end of the world is near, but urges him to continue writing.

The Village Blacksmith
This is a poem about life from the focus of a widowed father and a wage earner (smithy) who works hard and steadily, earning from his effort.

Walter Von Der Vogelweid
A man dies and requests that the monks feed the birds every day at noontime.

The Warning
The author sends the reader a warning about the abuse of power and uses religious figures as examples.

The Witnesses
The poet describes slave death ships.

Woods in Winter
The poet sees the differences in nature in winter, but still values winter.

The Wreck of the Hesperus
A proud seaman refuses to heed warnings of a storm. As the weather worsens, he ties his daughter to the mast for safety, but soon the father and crew are killed in the icy storm. The ship then wrecks on Norman’s Woe, killing the daughter as well.

Autumn
A poem admiring the beauty, differences, and changes in seasonal weather.

"The Adventure of the Cardboard Box"
Miss Cushing receives a parcel in the mail that contains two severed human ears and Sherlock Holmes helps to crack the case involving her sister.

"The Adventure of the Devil's Foot"
Watson and Holmes go to Cornwall where a man needs his help in solving a mystery concerning his two mad brothers and his dead sister.

"The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans, Part 1"
Holmes’s brother visits him and tells him that three pages of the secret submarine plans are missing. The rest of the papers were found with the body of Arthur Cadogen West, however the three missing could enable an enemy to construct the submarine.

“The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans, Part 2”
A continuation of the previous story in which Holmes’s brother visits him and tells him that three pages of the secret submarine plans are missing. The rest of the papers were found with the body of Arthur Cadogen West, however the three missing could enable an enemy to construct the submarine.

Patrick Henry’s Speech to the Virginia House of Burgesses, Richmond, Virginia March 23, 1775
A transcription of Patrick Henry's famous "Give me liberty or give me death!" speech made before the Virginia House of Burgesses.

The Declaration of Independence
Thomas Jefferson outlines the despot-like behavior of the King of Great Britain and declares that the United States of America will no longer recognize British rule.

The Emancipation Proclamation
The Emancipation Proclamation consists of two executive orders issued by United States President Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War. The first one, issued September 22, 1862, declared the freedom of all slaves in any state of the Confederate States of America that did not return to Union control by January 1, 1863. The second order, issued January 1, 1863, named ten specific states where it would apply. Lincoln issued the Executive Order by his authority as "Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy" under Article II, section 2 of the United States Constitution.

The New Colossus
The author discusses the stature and symbolism of soon to be constructed Statue of Liberty in New York City.

The United States Bill of Rights
The ten original amendments of the United States Constitution, authored by James Madison, passed by Congress on September 25, 1789 and ratified on December 15, 1791.

Address to the Federal Convention, Philadelphia, PA, September 17, 1787
Benjamin Franklin's address to the Federal Convention in Philadelphia, PA, September 17, 1787 as transcribed by James Madison.

History
History is within everyone, so living life is the best way to know history/people/life. History books should be written from this more open, organic perspective. Someone experiencing life is closer to true knowledge than someone who reads about it.

Editor's Preface
Preface to the History of Modern Mathematics.

Author's Preface
The author’s preface to the book.

Article 1: Introduction
An introduction to the history of mathematics.

Article 2: Theory of Numbers
A discussion of the Theory of Numbers and its origin.

Article 3: Irrational and Transcendent numbers
A study of irrational and transcendent numbers and how it was first established.

Article 4: Complex Numbers
A discussion about complex numbers and an explanation of the theory.

Article 5: Quaternions and Ausdehnungslehre
A discussion and explanation of Quaternions and Ausdehnungslehre.

Article 6: Theory of Equations
A study of the Theory of Numerical Equations.

Article 7: Substitutions and Groups
A look at substitutions and groups.

Article 8: Determinants
A discussion of determinants and the theory's origin.

Article 9: Quantics
A discussion of the theory of Quantics and its origin.

Article 10: Calculus
A discussion of calculus and its origin.

Article 11: Differential Equations
A discussion of the Theory of Differential Equations and its origin and importance in mathematics.

Article 12: Infinite Series
A discussion of the Theory of Infinite Series and its development.

Article 13: Theory of Functions
A discussion of the Theory of Functions and its origin.

Article 14: Probabilities and Least Squares
A discussion of probability and least squares as well as the Theory of Probabilities and Errors.

Article 15: Analytic Geometry
A look at analytic geometry and its origin.

Article 16: Modern Geometry
A discussion of modern geometry and its evolution.

Article 17: Elementary Geometry
A look at elementary geometry.

Article 18: Non-Euclidean Geometry
A discussion of Non-Euclidean geometry and its origin and first scientific investigation.

General Tendencies
A discussion of the mathematical leaders of the nineteenth century.

Preface
The author speaks directly to the reader explaining the reason for calling this novel a romance.

Chapter I: “The Old Pyncheon”
Colonel Pyncheon helps convict the owner of a seven-gabled house (Matthew Maule) of witchcraft. At the gallows, Matthew curses and the Colonel. On the day the Colonel opens the seven-gabled mansion, he is found dead. Future generations experience unhappiness and Hepzibah (the current resident) opens a ten-cent shop.

Chapter II: “The Little Shop-Window”
Hepzibah's nearsightedness and lack of education cause her to tend the store herself. This upsets her and she runs into the house crying.

Chapter III: “The First Customer”
Holgrave visits Hepzibah, and after overhearing a conversation between two customers, Hepzibah becomes concerned over her future. She is offended by their frank conversation involving her losing her dignity. Thoroughout the day, however, things begin to look up and her confidence returns.

Chapter IV: “A Day Behind the Counter”
Judge Jaffrey Pyncheon passes by the little store. Hepzibah is also visited by Uncle Venner who gives her advise on shopkeeping. At the end of the day, Phoebe arrives unaware that the letter she sent in advance never arrived. Hepzibah tells her she can only stay one night because she might disturb Clifford.

Chapter V: “May and November”
Phoebe begins to brighten the house with her presence. Hepzibah and Phoebe quarrel, but Hepzibah is persuaded to let Phoebe stay for a few weeks. After making breakfast, Phoebe helps out in the store and sells most of the inventory. Hepzibah is thrilled at Phoebe’s work and gives her a tour of the house.

Chapter VI: “Maule’s Well”
Phoebe wanders into the gardens and meets Holgrave. Phoebe walks into the house to see Hepzibah acting very strangely.

Chapter VII: “The Guest”
Phoebe helps Hepzibah make breakfast while noticing her strange behavior. Clifford comes downsrtairs to breakfast and ignores his sister, Hepzibah. When she explains her new occupation as shopkeeper, Clifford assures her that he is not ashamed of her, but weeps over his own life.

Chapter VIII: “The Pyncheon of To-day”
Phoebe meets her cousin, Judge Pyncheon. Although he smiles at her she recalls what Holgrave told her about a photograph revealing one’s true nature. Phoebe makes a connection between the Judge and the late Colonel. The Judge offers to help Clifford and Hepzibah financially, but Hepzibah refuses.

Chapter IX: “Clifford and Phoebe”
Phoebe begins to brighten up the lives of Hepzibah and Clifford.

Chapter X: “The Pyncheon-Garden”
Phoebe and Holgrave bring the once dead garden back to life. She and Clifford often stroll the gardens to lift his spirits. Hepzibah begins arranging sunday afternoon lunches with Phoebe, Clifford, Holgrave, and Uncle Venner. For once, Clifford seems animated.

Chapter XI: “The Arched Window”
Phoebe takes Clifford to the front window to gaze at the street outside. Clifford is horrified at an organ-grinder’s monkey. Phoebe goes to church and, though they dress and attempt to go, Clifford and Hepzibah realize that they cannot go any farther.

Chapter XII: “The Daguerreotypist”
Phoebe begins spending more and more time with Holgrave. He tells her his thoughts on the Pycheon curse and reads her an article he has written about it.

Chapter XIII: “Alice Pyncheon”
Holgrave tells Phoebe the story of the Pyncheon curse involving Matthew Maule, Gervayse Pyncheon and his daughter Alice.

Chapter XIV: “Phoebe’s Good Bye”
Phoebe is mesmerized by the story and tells Holgrave that she must return home for a short time. Holgrave tells Phoebe his feelings about Hepzibah and Clifford and that he senses trouble. Phoebe leaves.

Chapter XV: “The Scowl and Smile”
The house becomes dreary when Phoebe leaves. The Judge pays a visit to Hepzibah much to her chagrin. He asks to speak to Clifford about hidden gold and when Hepzibah refuses, the Judge threatens to lock Clifford in an asylum. Hepzibah relents.

Chapter XVI: “Clifford’s Chamber”
When Hepzibah enters Clifford's room, she finds it empty. When she returns downstairs, Clifford appears exclaimg that they're free. She recoils in horror at the Judge’s dead body.

Chapter XVII: “The Flight of Two Owls”
Clifford and Hepzibah flee the house and board a train. Clifford and a stranger strike up a conversation. Clifford begins to lecture the man and brings up a hypothetical house where a man lies dead. The stranger becomes suspicious and Hepzibah and Clifford get off at the next station.

Chapter XVIII: “Governor Pyncheon”
The narrator directly addresses the Judge as if he were merely sleeping.

Chapter XIX: “Alice’s Posies”
Several people come to the store to find it closed. When the Judge’s horse remains in front of the house, people begin to suspect that something’s wrong. Phoebe returns to the house and walks inside.

Chapter XX: “The Flower of Eden”
Phoebe is pulled into the house by Holgrave. After telling her about the Judge, he says he has not gone to the police for fear of implicating Hepzibah and Clifford. He reminds Phoebe that the death of the Judge resemble the death of Uncle Jaffrey, who’s murder was blamed on Clifford thanks to the Judge. Holgrave tells Phoebe he loves her and she reveals her feelings as well. Hepzibah and Clifford return to the house.

Chapter XXI: “The Departure”
The narrator clears up for the reader the truth about the Judge’s awful past and of his causing his own father’s death. Clifford inherits the Judge’s estate and moves into the large mansion with Hepzibah, Phoebe, and Holgrave. Holgrave reveals a hidden deed that the Judge was looking for. Uncle Venner agrees to live in a guest cottage on the property.

Introduction
Grandma and the children are at the beach. She agrees to tell the children a “true” story.

Chapter 1
The author talks about Sammy, a salmon, Aunt Sheen, the oldest and largest fish, and several other varieties of fish in the water. Aunt Sheen warns Sammy not to swim alone, but to travel in a pack of other fish. Sammy disobeys her and swims off looking for adventure. He continues on away from the river and into the ocean.

Chapter 2
Sammy begins to notice the different types of aquatic animals around him. Suddenly he is spied by a large shark. He is chased until he is able to hide in a rock formation. There, he meets a hermit crab.

Chapter 3
Sammy’s instinct told him that the hermit crab wants him for dinner and excuses himself. Sammy meets a starfish named Meteor and agrees to go to Coral-Land with the pilot fish.

Chapter 4
The readers learn some interesting information about pilot fish and sharks. Soon, Sammy and the pilot fish see some flying fish and swim away from a swordfish.

Chapter 5
Sammy arrives at Coral-Land. The readers learn intersting facts about anemones. Sammy, too, learns the wonders and the mysteries of Coral-Land. Upon learning this, he joins a school of salmon and swims home.

Then and Now
He loved her, and through many years,

At Cheshire Cheese
"When first of wise old Johnson taught,"

My Corn-Cob Pipe
"Men may sing of their Havanas, elevating to the stars"

In August
"When August days are hot an’ dry,"

The Disturber
"Oh, what shall I do? I am wholly upset;"

Expectation
"You ‘ll be wonderin’ whut ’s de reason"

Lover's Lane
"Summah night an’ sighin’ breeze,"

Protest
"Who say my hea’t ain’t true to you?"

Hymn
"O li’l’ lamb out in de col’,"

Little Brown Baby
"Little brown baby wif spa’klin’ eyes,"

Time to Tinker' Roun'!
"Summah ’s nice, wif sun a–shinin’,"

The Real Question
"Folks is talkin’ ‘bout de money, ‘bout de silvah an’ de gold;"

Jilted
"Lucy done gone back on me,"

The News
"Whut dat you whisperin’ keepin’ f’om me?"

Chrismus on the Plantation
"It was Chrismus Eve, I mind hit fu’ a mighty gloomy day—"

Angelina
"When de fiddle gits to singin’ out a ol’ Vahginny reel,"

Foolin' Wid de Seasons
"Seems lak folks is mighty curus"

My Sort 'o Man
"I don’t believe in ‘ristercrats"

Possum
"Ef dey ’s anyt’ing dat riles me"

On the Road
"I ’s boun’ to see my gal to–night—"

A Death Song
"Lay me down beneaf de willers in de grass,"

A Back-Log Song
"De axes has been ringin’ in de woods de blessid day,"

Lullaby
"Bedtime ’s come fu’ little boys."

The Photograph
"See dis pictyah in my han’?"

Jealous
"Hyeah come Cæsar Higgins,"

Parted
"De breeze is blowin’ ‘cross de bay."

Temptation
"I done got ‘uligion, honey, an’ I ’s happy ez a king;"

Possum Trot
"I ‘ve journeyed ‘roun’ consid’able, a–seein’ men an’ things,"

Dely
"Jes’ lak toddy wahms you thoo’"

Breaking the Charm
"Caught Susanner whistlin’; well,"

Hunting Song
"Tek a cool night, good an’ cleah,"

A Letter
"Dear Miss Lucy: I been t’inkin’ dat I ‘d write you long fo’ dis,"

Chrismus is A-Comin'
"Bones a–gittin’ achy,"

A Cabin Tale (The Young Master Asks For a Story)
"Whut you say, dah? huh, uh! chile,"

At Candle-Lightin' Time
"When I come in f’om de co’n–fiel’ aftah wo’kin’ ha’d all day,"

Whistling Sam
"I has hyeahd o’ people dancin’ an’ I ’s hyeahd o’ people singin’."

How Lucy Backslid
"De times is mighty stirrin’ ‘mong de people up ouah way,"

Book First, Chapter 1
The novel begins in Paris during the Festival of Fools. At the Palace of Justice, Pierre Gringoire prepares to present his play to the people.

Book First, Chapter 2
The people are not impressed by Gringoire's new work. The Cardinal finally makes his appearance.

Book First, Chapter 3
The Cardinal's appearance signals the end of Gringoire's play and the crowd turns its attention upcoming election of the Pope of Fools.

Book First, Chapter 4
Coppenole convinces the Parisians to run the election as they do in Flanders.

Book First, Chapter 5
Quasimodo is elected Pope of Fools and is subsequently paraded through the street on a mock throne.

Book First, Chapter 6
Gringoire's attempt to perform is play is interrupted by the appearance of La Esmeralda.

Book Second, Chapter 1
Gringoire, broke and depressed, walks the streets of Paris, eventually ending up at the Place de Gréve.

Book Second, Chapter 2
The narrator provides a bleak, but thorough picture of Place de Gréve.

Book Second, Chapter 3
Gringoire watches Esmeralda, as she performs for the crowd. A mysterious stranger accuses Esmeralda of sorcery. Quasimodo's participation in the festivities comes to an end.

Book Second, Chapter 4
Gringoire decides he will follow La Esmeralda. Quasimodo makes a sudden and unexpected appearance.

Book Second, Chapter 5
After regaining consciousness, Gringoire continues to seek lodging for the night.

Book Second, Chapter 6
After a run-in with a group of beggars, Gringoire is take before the "King".

Book Second, Chapter 7
In order to avert a tragedy, Esmeralda agrees to marry Gringoire. Gringoire finally gets some rest.

Book Third, Chapter 1
The narrator presents a more thorough history of the Notre Dame cathedral.

Book Third, Chapter 2
The narrator gives a detailed description of Paris and its ever-changing architecture.

Book Fourth, Chapter 1
The abandoned young Quasimodo is taken in by the priest, Claude Frollo. Rumor of sorcery are spread about the priest.

Book Fourth, Chapter 2
Claude Frollo's destiny is predetermined, but unforeseen events deeply affect his love and devotion to others.

Book Fourth, Chapter 3
The year is 1482 and by virtue of Claude Frollo's promotion to archdeacon of Josas, Quasimoto has been appointed the bell ringer, a position that brings him great pleasure as well as great pain.

Book Fourth, Chapter 4
Quasimodo's love for Claude Frollo is examined further.

Book Fourth, Chapter 5
As time passes, Quasimodo grows up, and an aging Claude must reconcile himself with his choices.

Book Fourth, Chapter 6
A description of the citizen's reaction to seeing Claude and Quasimodo walk the streets surrounding Notre-Dame.

Book Fifth, Chapter 1
Claude Frollo receives a visitor in his laboratory. Jacques Coictier, accompanied by the aging Father Tourangeau, is shocked by Claude Frollo's views. As he departs, Father Tourangeau divulges his identity to Claud Frollo.

Book Fifth, Chapter 2
The narrator explores Claude Frollo's statements concerning the printed book in his laboratory.

Book Sixth, Chapter 1
Robert d'Estouteville heads to court, where Deputy Florian is already holding court. The terribly deaf Deputy Frollo attempts to interrogate Quasimoto, causing much laughter in the courtroom.

Book Sixth, Chapter 2
A more detailed description of the behaviors of mourning widows and mothers as well as some history of the cell of Tour-Roland.

Book Sixth, Chapter 3
As Quasimoto awaits punishment, two Parisian women and a country woman compare the pillories of Paris and Reims before stopping to see a performance by Esmeralda. The country woman tells the story of Paquette-la-Chanterfleurie and her child. The women pay a tribute to the recluse.

Book Sixth, Chapter 4
A crowd continues to gather a the Place de Gréve hoping to witness the day's punishment. The crowd assaults the deformed Quasimoto before he receives his punishment. Esmeralda fulfills a request by the injured Quasimodo. The recluse screams her disapproval from afar.

Book Sixth, Chapter 5
Esmeralda flees the pillory upon hearing the recluse's curses.

Book Seventh, Chapter 1
Fleur-de-Lys' and two young heiresses gossip in a house across from the Notre Dame in the presence of a young captain, Phoebus de Chateaupers. The captain, having been born into nobility, currently finds himself ill at ease in polite society. Phoebus, having witnessed a performance by Esmeralda, approaches her to discuss the actions of Quasimodo.

Book Seventh, Chapter 2
Claude Frollo watches Esmeralda's performance, wishing to know the identity of her assistant. Having recognized Gringoire, Claude Frollo chastises him about his current occupation. Gringoire informs Claude Frollo of his wife and the strange events which lead to his nuptials.

Book Seventh, Chapter 3
Quasimodo's passion for the bells greatly decreases following his punishment at the pillories. When his enthusiasm finally returns it is only for a brief period.

Book Seventh, Chapter 4
Jehan Frollo discovers a strange scene in his brother's cell. Jehan's request for money is interrupted by the arrival of Maitre Jacques.

Book Seventh, Chapter 5:
Maitre Jacques enters the cell of Claude Frollo, informing him of the impending arrest of Esmeralda. The interaction of a spider and fly gives Dom Claude an opportunity to discuss fate with the attorney.

Book Seventh, Chapter 6
Jehan encounters Captain Phoebus in the street and head off to find a suitable pub. Claude Frollo follows, curious at having heard the name Phoebus. Phoebus informs Jehan of his upcoming date with Esmeralda.

Book Seventh, Chapter 7
Claude Frollo Disguises himself and waits for Jehan and Phoebus to finish drinking. Phoebus and an inebriated Jehan exit the pub. Claude Frollo passes by his drunken brother as he pursues Captain Phoebus eventually confronting him in the street.

Book Seventh, Chapter 7
Claude Frollo Disguises himself and waits for Jehan and Phoebus to finish drinking. Phoebus and an inebriated Jehan exit the pub. Claude Frollo passes by his drunken brother as he pursues Captain Phoebus eventually confronting him in the street.

Book Seventh, Chapter 8
Claude Frollo secretly observes the interaction between Phoebus and Esmeralda, eventually intervening with violent measures.

Book Eighth, Chapter 1
Esmeralda, having been missing for one month, is discovered by Gringoire in the Tournelle Criminelle. Esmeralda, having been accused of murder and witchcraft, is greatly troubled by the failing health of Captain Phoebus. Gringoire is shocked by the identity of the second defendant.

Book Eighth, Chapter 2
Esmeralda is led to the torture chamber where her spirit is quickly broken.

Book Eighth, Chapter 3
An emotional Esmeralda returns to the courtroom where a list of her supposed crimes are read aloud before she is sentenced.

Book Eighth, Chapter 4
Her spirit broken, Esmeralda is taken to her cell, in the Tournelle. After some time has pased Claude Frollo visits the condemned prisoner, eventually professing his love for her.

Book Eighth, Chapter 5
Sachette, the recluse, is overjoyed by news of Esmeralda's fate.

Book Eighth, Chapter 6
Having been with his garrison for a period, the recovered Captain Phoebus arrives in Notre Dame as the crowd gathers for punishment of Esmeralda. Upon seeing Captain Phoebus, the condemned Esmeralda collapses just before she is rescued by Quasimoto.

Book Ninth, Chapter 1
Claude Frollo, unaware of Quasimodo's intervention, retreats to the countryside for a period of reflection. Claude Frollo fears he has seen a ghost.

Book Ninth, Chapter 2
Having been taken to a safe place by Quasimodo, Esmeralda recalls the events which have transpired. Quasimodo warns Esmerelda never to leave the church, fearing she will be killed.

Book Ninth, Chapter 3
Esmeralda awakes the following morning to see her rescuer silently watching her.

Book Ninth, Chapter 4
Aware of Esmeralda's love for Captain Phoebus, Quasimodo decides to grab the attention of the young captain.

Book Ninth, Chapter 5
Claude Frollo, having discovered that Esmeralda is still alive, becomes jealous of Quasimodo. Claude Frollo's advances are once again rebuked.

Book Ninth, Chapter 6
Claude Frollo ponders the darker side of human nature. As Esmeralda's love triangle continues to intensify, Quasimodo finds himself torn between his devotion to Esmeralda and his debt to Claude Frollo.

Book Tenth, Chapter 1
Pierre Gringoire, currently studying architecture in Paris, is approached by a distraught and unhealthy Claude Frollo. Claude Frollo presents a plan to Gringoire that will allow the condemned Esmeralda to escape death. in turn, Gringoire proposes a plan of his own.

Book Tenth, Chapter 2
Claude Frollo finds his brother waiting for him at the church, once again requesting money.

Book Tenth, Chapter 3
The Truands, having armed themselves, gather at a local tavern. As midnight approaches, Clopin Trouillefou leads the rowdy mob into the streets.

Book Tenth, Chapter 4
Quasimodo, still feeling uneasy from the previous weeks events, witnesses a gathering crowd approaching Notre Dame, and resolves to protect Esmeralda. Quasimodo defends the cathedral, killing many of the Truands in the process. Jehan, having climbed to the top of the gallery, encounters Quasimodo.

Book Tenth, Chapter 5
King Louis XI, in Paris visiting, reviews the crown's expenditures, taking great pride in a specially designed cage in the Bastille. The Truand uprising continues as Gringoire is interrogated by the King.

Book Tenth, Chapter 6
Having been set free, Gringoire goes to meet Claude Frollo.

Book Tenth, Chapter 7
Commanded by Phoebus, the King's soldiers arrive at Notre Dame and engage the Truands in battle.

Book Eleventh, Chapter 1
Esmeralda, awakened by the Truand's attack, is visited by Gringoire and a cloaked stranger. Claude Frollo presents Esmeralda with two choices. An angered Claude Frollo takes Esmeralda to see the recluse.

Book Eleventh, Chapter 2
After discovering that Esmeralda has gone missing, Quasimodo searches the church over and over before returning to her cell. Quasimodo acts out in rage against his master after witnessing the execution of Esmeralda.

Book Eleventh, Chapter 3
Claude Frollo's body is removed from the street, but Quasimodo is nowhere to be found. Rumors abound regarding the archdeacon's death, resulting in the body not being buried in consecrated grounds. Gringoire achieves a level of success in theatre as Captain Phoebus is finally married.

Book Eleventh, Chapter 4
After a period of years, the skeleton of Esmerald, buried in the common vault of Montfaucon, is found embraced by a disfigured skeleton.

Introduction
Introduction by Theodore Buckley

Pope's Introduction to the Iliad of Homer
Alexander Pope's introduction to the work.

Book 1: The Contention of Achilles and Agamemnon
The story of Achilles and Agamemnon is told. The Gods nearly come to blows as a result of mortal conflict.

Book 2: The Trial of the Army, and Catalogue of the Forces
Zeus, keeping his promise to the Trojans, sends a false dream to Agamemnon.

Book 3: The Duel of Menelaus and Paris
The Trojans and Achaeans come to an agreement in an attempt to establish peace. Paris and Menelaus face each other in battle, but outside forces intervene on the outcome.

Book 4: The Breach of the Truce, and the First Battle
The gods continue to argue amongst themselves while interfering with the lives of mortals.

Book 5: The Acts of Diomed
Athena's gift to Diomedes has dire consequences for Pandarus. Diomedes breaks his agreement with a goddess.

Book 6: The Episodes of Glaucus and Diomed, and of Hector and Andromache
The Achaeans once again have the upper hand. Hector and Paris prepare to re-enter the field of battle.

Book 7: The Single Combat of Hector and Ajax
Hector presents a challenge to the Achaean line. Ajax and Hector engage in battle until Zeus intervenes.

Book 8: The Second Battle, and the Distress of the Greeks
Zeus issues an order to the gods. The Trojans and Greeks continue to battle.

Book 9: The Embassy to Achilles
With certain defeat looming over the Greeks, Agamemnon presents an offer to Achilles.

Book 10: The Night-Adventure of Diomed and Ulysses
Both the Trojans and Greeks devise plans to spy on one another. However, only the Greeks are successful.

Book 11: The Third Battle, and the Acts of Agamemnon
Zeus fills the Achaeans with fear before sending an important message to Hector. Odysseus Diomedes inspire the Achaeans fight courageously.

Book 12: The Battle at the Grecian Wall
Hector charges the Greek ramparts, pushing the Achaeans back to their ships.

Book 13: The Fourth Battle Continued, in which Neptune Assists the Greeks; The Acts of Idomeneus
With Zeus absent from the field of battle, Poseidon gives some much needed assistance to the Greeks.

Book 14: Juno Deceives Jupiter by the Girdle of Venus
Poseidon continues to encourage Agamemnon and the Achaean army. Hera devises a plan to further assist the battered Achaeans.

Book 15: The Fifth Battle at the Ships; and the Acts of Ajax
Zeus wakes to view the aftermath of Hera and Poseidon's meddling. Led by Hector, the Trojans continue their advance.

Book 16: The Sixth Battle, the Acts and Death of Patroclus
Patroclus asks a favor of Achilles, who is still absent from the battle. Patroclus is slain, but not before telling Hector of his own dire fate.

Book 17: The Seventh Battle, For the Body of Patroclus—The Acts of Menelaus
The Trojans and Greeks fight over Patroclus' body.

Book 18: The Grief of Achilles, and New Armour made him by Vulcan
Achilles is told of Patroclus' death. Patroclus' body is prepared for burial, while Achilles plots his revenge against Hector.

Book 19: The Reconciliation of Achilles an Agamemnon
Achilles heads to battle, having received his new armor from Hephaestus.

Book 20: The Battle of the Gods, and the Acts of Achilles
News of Achilles entrance into the field of battle prompts Zeus to remove his injunction.

Book 21: The Battle in the River Scamander
Achilles takes no mercy on the Trojans, as he takes his vengeance for the slain patroclus.

Book 22: The Death of Hector
Achilles and Hector finally meet on the field of battle.

Book 23: Funeral Games in Honour of Patroclus
Patroclus appears to Achilles in a dream. Following the burial, a series of games is held in Patroclus' honor.

Book 24: The Redemption of the Body of Hector
With some assistance from the gods, Priam retrieves the body of Hector.

Concluding Note
Pope's concluding notes.

Chapter 1
Maurice and his father are invited to America to offer assistance to their family members. The travel there is peopled with interesting characters and the excitement of a child gone overboard.

Chapter 2
A short history of Florida is presented. The travelers encounter wildlife and Indians.

Chapter 3
They arrive at the Kearney house and get to know the family and the area.

Chapter 4
he men set out in search of Rochford. They meet and Indian chief.

Chapter 5
The group travels the coast, gaining familiarity with the Florida wildlife.

Chapter 6
The men travel through the Keys and meet with more adventure.

Chapter 7
The men hunt and forage for food during their travels through Lake Kissimmee. They flee from Indians.

Chapter 8
A deer hunt leads to separation and a night spent avoiding a pack of wolves.

Chapter 9
Hunger turns to desperation, until the men find water. Unfortunate events lead to further troubles.

Chapter 10
The men are assisted by runaway slaves. They find food, but also discover several dead bodies.

Chapter 11
The group is finally reunited.

Chapter 12
The men discover the site of an ambush. Rochford reappears.

Chapter 13
The men worry about possible attacks. Spotted Wolf disappears.

Chapter 14
The men find a fort. Carlos takes out his anger on Spotted Wolf.

Chapter 15
The pattern of revenge continues.

Chapter 16
The men return from their journey. There is a fire. The fate of Oceola is revealed.

Chapter 1
The bandaged stranger visits The "Coach and Horses" in Iping. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 2
The stranger meets Teddy Henfrey. Mrs. Hall is curious about the new guest. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 3
The stranger’s belongings arrive and the experiments begin. Mr. Hall sees something peculiar. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 4
The Stranger isolates himself from the rest of the village, but still becomes a topic of conversation. Mr. Cuss talks with the stranger and is alarmed by what he sees. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 5
(London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 6
(London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 7
The stranger reveils the true nature of his injuries. The situation turns violent. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 8
The Invisible Man makes his way out of Iping. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 9
Mr. Marvel meets The Invisible Man and finds him to be very demanding. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 10
(London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 11
The Invisible Man returns to The Coach and Horses to retrieve some important documents. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 12
The Invisible Man takes revenge on the inhabitants of The Coach and Horses. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 13
Mr. Marvel attempts to convince The Invisible Man that he is not a suitable assistant. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 14
Mr. Marvel discusses The Invisible Man with the mariner. Mr. Marvel contemplates is escape. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 15
Dr. Kemp hears rumours of an invisible man. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 16
Mr. Marvel seeks refuge in The Jolly Cricketers. The Invisible Man is injured whilst in pursuit of Mr. Marvel. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 17
Dr. Kemp hears distant gunshots and is later visited by The Invisible Man. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 18
Dr. Kemp attempts to make sense of the situation, and learns the true nature of The Invisible Man. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 19
The Invisible Man reveals his true identity. Griffin and Dr. Kemp discuss the finer points of invisibility. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 20
Griffin recalls the events leading up to his invisibility. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 21
Griffin tells Dr. Kemp about his first experiences after becoming invisible. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 22
Griffin tells of his experiences at the market. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 23
Griffin tells of taking refuge in a house. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 24
The Invisible Man reveals his plan to Dr. Kemp moments before eluding capture. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 25
Measures are taken to ensure The Invisible Man does not escape. A plan is put into action. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 26
The body of Mr. Wicksteed is found. The Invisible Man is suspected. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 27
Dr. Kemp uses himself as bait to trap The Invisible Man. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 28
The Invisible Man is captured by the townspeople. (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Chapter 29
Epilogue (London, England; Pearson's Magazine, 1897)

Preface
The preface to the novel

Part I, Chapter I
Captain Spike prepares the Molly Swash for departure. Rose Budd and her aunt will be on board. Jack Tier appears, to Captain Spike's dismay.

Part I, Chapter II
The boat avoids trouble. Captain Spike remembers Jack Tier. Mrs. Budd shows her interesting view of things. Jack Tier boards the Molly Swash. The captain disguises the boat.

Part I, Chapter III
Rose struggles through disagreements with her aunt during a letter writing session. Rose questions Captain Spike, speaks with Mulford, and takes a liking to Jack Tier.

Part I, Chapter IV
There is a misunderstanding between the Captain and Mrs. Budd. The ship is stopped by a cruiser.

Part I, Chapter V
Mulford and Rose discover their location. Captain Spike meets with Don Wan. There is a tornado. Mulford feels trapped by circumstances.

Part 1, Chapter VI
Mulford and Rose talk. He reveals his jealousy over her relationship with Jack Tier, but she reveals that Jack is married. Wallace questions the captain. Spike gives Jack Tier orders.

Part I, Chapter VII
Jack, Mulford, and Rose make plans. Rose is frustrated by her aunt's ignorance. The boat faces danger.

Part I, Chapter VIII
Mulford makes certain the ladies are safe, but the boat is lost. The group faces thirst and hunger.

Part II, Chapter I
Mulford swims for the boat. The group is reunited with Captain Spike, who tries to rid himself of Mulford.

Part II, Chapter II
Jack speaks to the other seamen and plans to assist Mulford. Jack reveals his plans to Rose.

Part II, Chapter III
The group argues over the continuation of their plans. They discuss the reasons for rejoining the Swash.

Part II, Chapter IV
Spike and Don Juan arrive at the lighthouse. Harry and Rose speak to Don Juan. The men fear Mulford's "ghost."

Part II, Chapter V
Superstition abounds. Jack questions Spike about his behavior.

Part II, Chapter VI
Jack tells Spike of Harry and Rose's wedding, and his own involvement in the escape. The Swash is threatened.

Part II, Chapter VII
The Molly is forced onto the breakers. Spike is willing to sacrifice all else for his own escape.

Part II, Chapter VIII
Jack Tier's true identity is revealed.

Part II, Chapter IX
The fate of all is revealed. Spike has the chance to consider the faults and wrongs he has committed.

Preface
The preface to the book.

Chapter I
The novel opens on a dreary November afternoon at Gateshead, the home of the wealthy Reed family. A young girl named Jane Eyre sits in the drawing room reading Bewick’s History of British Birds. Jane’s aunt, Mrs. Reed, has forbidden her niece to play with her cousins Eliza, Georgiana, and the bullying John. John chides Jane for being a lowly orphan who is only permitted to live with the Reeds because of his mother’s charity. John then hurls a book at the young girl, pushing her to the end of her patience. Jane finally erupts, and the two cousins fight. Mrs. Reed holds Jane responsible for the scuffle and sends her to the “red-room”—the frightening chamber in which her Uncle Reed died—as punishment.

Chapter II
Two servants, Miss Abbott and Bessie Lee, escort Jane to the red-room, and Jane resists them with all of her might. Once locked in the room, Jane catches a glimpse of her ghastly figure in the mirror, and, shocked by her meager presence, she begins to reflect on the events that have led her to such a state. She remembers her kind Uncle Reed bringing her to Gateshead after her parents’ death, and she recalls his dying command that his wife promise to raise Jane as one of her own. Suddenly, Jane is struck with the impression that her Uncle Reed’s ghost is in the room, and she imagines that he has come to take revenge on his wife for breaking her promise. Jane cries out in terror, but her aunt believes that she is just trying to escape her punishment, and she ignores her pleas. Jane faints in exhaustion and fear.

Chapter III
When she wakes, Jane finds herself in her own bedroom, in the care of Mr. Lloyd, the family’s kind apothecary. Bessie is also present, and she expresses disapproval of her mistress’s treatment of Jane. Jane remains in bed the following day, and Bessie sings her a song. Mr. Lloyd speaks with Jane about her life at Gateshead, and he suggests to Jane’s aunt that the girl be sent away to school, where she might find happiness. Jane is cautiously excited at the possibility of leaving Gateshead.Soon after her own reflections on the past in the red-room, Jane learns more of her history when she overhears a conversation between Bessie and Miss Abbott. Jane’s mother was a member of the wealthy Reed family, which strongly disapproved of Jane’s father, an impoverished clergyman. When they married, Jane’s wealthy maternal grandfather wrote his daughter out of his will. Not long after Jane was born, Jane’s parents died from typhus, which Jane’s father contracted while caring for the poor.

Chapter IV
About two months have passed, and Jane has been enduring even crueler treatment from her aunt and cousins while anxiously waiting for the arrangements to be made for her schooling. Now Jane is finally told she may attend the girls’ school Lowood, and she is introduced to Mr. Brocklehurst, the stern-faced man who runs the school. Mr. Brocklehurst abrasively questions Jane about religion, and he reacts with indignation when she declares that she finds the psalms uninteresting. Jane's aunt warns Mr. Brocklehurst that the girl also has a propensity for lying, a piece of information that Mr. Brocklehurst says he intends to publicize to Jane’s teachers upon her arrival. When Mr. Brocklehurst leaves, Jane is so hurt by her aunt’s accusation that she cannot stop herself from defending herself to her aunt. Mrs. Reed, for once, seems to concede defeat. Shortly thereafter, Bessie tells Jane that she prefers her to the Reed children. Before Jane leaves for school, Bessie tells her stories and sings her lovely songs.

Chapter V
Four days after meeting Mr. Brocklehurst, Jane boards the 6 a.m. coach and travels alone to Lowood. When she arrives at the school, the day is dark and rainy, and she is led through a grim building that will be her new home. The following day, Jane is introduced to her classmates and learns the daily routine, which keeps the girls occupied from before dawn until dinner. Miss Temple, the superintendent of the school, is very kind, while one of Jane’s teachers, Miss Scatcherd, is unpleasant, particularly in her harsh treatment of a young student named Helen Burns. Jane and Helen befriend one another, and Jane learns from Helen that Lowood is a charity school maintained for female orphans, which means that the Reeds have paid nothing to put her there. She also learns that Mr. Brocklehurst oversees every aspect of its operation: even Miss Temple must answer to him.

Chapter VI
On Jane’s second morning at Lowood, the girls are unable to wash, as the water in their pitchers is frozen. Jane quickly learns that life at the school is harsh. The girls are underfed, overworked, and forced to sit still during seemingly endless sermons. Still, she takes comfort in her new friendship with Helen, who impresses Jane with her expansive knowledge and her ability to patiently endure even the cruelest treatment from Miss Scatcherd. Helen tells Jane that she practices a doctrine of Christian endurance, which means loving her enemies and accepting her privation. Jane disagrees strongly with such meek tolerance of injustice, but Helen takes no heed of Jane’s arguments. Helen is self-critical only because she sometimes fails to live up to her ascetic standards: she believes that she is a poor student and chastises herself for daydreaming about her home and family when she should be concentrating on her studies.

Chapter VII
For most of Jane’s first month at Lowood, Mr. Brocklehurst spends his time away from the school. When he returns, Jane becomes quite nervous because she remembers his promise to her aunt, Mrs. Reed, to warn the school about Jane’s supposed habit of lying. When Jane inadvertently drops her slate in Mr. Brocklehurst’s presence, he is furious and tells her she is careless. He orders Jane to stand on a stool while he tells the school that she is a liar, and he forbids the other students to speak to her for the rest of the day. Helen makes Jane’s day of humiliation endurable by providing her friend with silent consolation—she covertly smiles at Jane every time she passes by.

Chapter VIII
Finally, at five o’clock, the students disperse, and Jane collapses to the floor. Deeply ashamed, she is certain that her reputation at Lowood has been ruined, but Helen assures her that most of the girls felt more pity for Jane than revulsion at her alleged deceitfulness. Jane tells Miss Temple that she is not a liar, and relates the story of her tormented childhood at Gateshead. Miss Temple seems to believe Jane and writes to Mr. Lloyd requesting confirmation of Jane’s account of events. Miss Temple offers Jane and Helen tea and seed cake, endearing herself even further to Jane. When Mr. Lloyd’s letter arrives and corroborates Jane’s story, Miss Temple publicly declares Jane to be innocent. Relieved and contented, Jane devotes herself to her studies. She excels at drawing and makes progress in French.

Chapter IX
In the spring, life at Lowood briefly seems happier, but the damp forest dell in which the school resides is a breeding-ground for typhus, and in the warm temperatures more than half the girls fall ill with the disease. Jane remains healthy and spends her time playing outdoors with a new friend, Mary Ann Wilson. Helen is sick, but not with typhus—Jane learns the horrific news that her friend is dying of consumption. One evening, Jane sneaks into Miss Temple’s room to see Helen one last time. Helen promises Jane that she feels little pain and is happy to be leaving the world’s suffering behind. Jane takes Helen into her arms, and the girls fall asleep. During the night, Helen dies. Her grave is originally unmarked, but fifteen years after her death, a gray marble tablet is placed over the spot (presumably by Jane), bearing the single word Resurgam, Latin for “I shall rise again.”

Chapter X
After Mr. Brocklehurst’s negligent treatment of the girls at Lowood is found to be one of the causes of the typhus epidemic, a new group of overseers is brought in to run the school. Conditions improve dramatically for the young girls, and Jane excels in her studies for the next six years. After spending two more years at Lowood as a teacher, Jane decides she is ready for a change, partly because Miss Temple gets married and leaves the school. She advertises in search of a post as a governess and accepts a position at a manor called Thornfield. Before leaving, Jane receives a visit from Bessie, who tells her what has happened at Gateshead since Jane departed for Lowood. Georgiana attempted to run away in secret with a man named Lord Edwin Vere, but Eliza foiled the plan by revealing it to Mrs. Reed. John has fallen into a life of debauchery and dissolution. Bessie also tells Jane that her father’s brother, John Eyre, appeared at Gateshead seven years ago, looking for Jane. He did not have the time to travel to Lowood and went away to Madeira (a Portuguese island west of Morocco) in search of wealth. Jane and Bessie part ways, Bessie returning to Gateshead, and Jane leaving for her new life at Thornfield.

Chapter XI
Jane’s driver is late picking her up from the station at Millcote. When she finally arrives at Thornfield it is nighttime. Although she cannot distinguish much of the house’s facade from among the shadows, she finds the interior “cosy and agreeable.” Mrs. Fairfax, a prim, elderly woman, is waiting for Jane. It turns out that Mrs. Fairfax is not, as Jane had assumed from their correspondence, the owner of Thornfield, but rather the housekeeper. Thornfield’s owner, Mr. Rochester, travels regularly and leaves much of the manor’s management to Mrs. Fairfax. Jane learns that she will be tutoring Adèle, an eight-year-old French girl whose mother was a singer and dancer. Mrs. Fairfax also tells Jane about Rochester, saying that he is an eccentric man whose family has a history of extreme and violent behavior. Suddenly, Jane hears a peal of strange, eerie laughter echoing through the house, and Mrs. Fairfax summons someone named Grace, whom she orders to make less noise and to “remember directions.” When Grace leaves, Mrs. Fairfax explains that she is a rather unbalanced and unpredictable seamstress who works in the house.

Chapter XII
Jane finds life at Thornfield pleasant and comfortable. Adèle proves to be exuberant and intelligent, though spoiled and at times a bit petulant. Nonetheless, Jane is frequently restless and collects her thoughts while pacing Thornfield’s top-story passageway. One evening a few months after her arrival at Thornfield, Jane is alone watching the moon rise when she perceives a horse approaching. It calls to her mind the story Bessie once told her of a spirit called a Gytrash, which disguises itself as a mule, dog, or horse to frighten “belated travellers.” Oddly enough, a dog then appears as well. Once she realizes that the horse has a rider, the uncanny moment ceases. Just after the horse passes her, it slips on a patch of ice, and its rider tumbles to the ground. Jane helps the man rise to his feet and introduces herself to him. She observes that he has a dark face, stern features, and a heavy brow. He is not quite middle-aged. Upon reentering Thornfield, Jane goes to Mrs. Fairfax’s room and sees the same dog—Pilot—resting on the rug. A servant answers Jane’s queries, explaining that the dog belongs to Mr. Rochester, who has just returned home with a sprained ankle, having fallen from his horse.

Chapter XIII
The day following his arrival, Mr. Rochester invites Jane and Adèle to have tea with him. He is abrupt and rather cold toward both of them, although he seems charmed by Jane’s drawings, which he asks to see. When Jane mentions to Mrs. Fairfax that she finds Rochester “changeful and abrupt,” Mrs. Fairfax suggests that his mannerisms are the result of a difficult personal history. Rochester was something of a family outcast, and when his father died, his older brother inherited Thornfield. Rochester has been Thornfield’s proprietor for nine years, since the death of his brother.

Chapter XIV
Jane sees little of Rochester during his first days at Thornfield. One night, however, in his “after-dinner mood,” Rochester sends for Jane and Adèle. He gives Adèle the present she has been anxiously awaiting, and while Adèle plays, Rochester is uncharacteristically chatty with Jane. When Rochester asks Jane whether she thinks him handsome, she answers “no” without thinking, and from Rochester’s voluble reaction Jane concludes that he is slightly drunk. Rochester’s command that she converse with him makes Jane feel awkward, especially because he goes on to argue that her relationship to him is not one of servitude. Their conversation turns to the concepts of sin, forgiveness, and redemption. When Adèle mentions her mother, Jane is intrigued, and Rochester promises to explain more about the situation on a future occasion.

Chapter XV
A while later, Rochester fulfills his promise to Jane to tell her about his and Adèle’s pasts. He had a long affair with Adèle’s mother, the French singer and dancer named Celine Varens. When he discovered that Celine was engaged in relations with another man, Rochester ended the relationship. Rochester has always denied Celine’s claim that Adèle is his daughter, noting that the child looks utterly unlike him. Even so, when Celine abandoned her daughter, Rochester brought Adèle to England so that she would be properly cared for. Jane lies awake brooding about the strange insights she has gained into her employer’s past. She hears what sound like fingers brushing against the walls, and an eerie laugh soon emanates from the hallway. She hears a door opening and hurries out of her room to see smoke coming from Rochester’s door. Jane dashes into his room and finds his bed curtains ablaze. She douses the bed with water, saving Rochester’s life. Strangely, Rochester’s reaction is to visit the third floor of the house. When he returns, he says mysteriously, “I have found it all out, it is just as I thought.” He inquires whether Jane has ever heard the eerie laughter before, and she answers that she has heard Grace Poole laugh in the same way. “Just so. Grace Poole—you have guessed it,” Rochester confirms. He thanks Jane for saving his life and cautions her to tell no one about the details of the night’s events. He sleeps on the library sofa for the remainder of the night.

Chapter XVI
The next morning, Jane is shocked to learn that the near tragedy of the night before has caused no scandal. The servants believe Rochester to have fallen asleep with a lit candle by his bed, and even Grace Poole shows no sign of guilt or remorse. Jane cannot imagine why an attempted murderer is allowed to continue working at Thornfield. She realizes that she is beginning to have feelings for Rochester and is disappointed that he will be away from Thornfield for several days. He has left to attend a party where he will be in the company of Blanche Ingram, a beautiful lady. Jane scolds herself for being disappointed by the news, and she resolves to restrain her flights of imaginative fancy by comparing her own portrait to one she has drawn of Blanche Ingram, noting how much plainer she is than the beautiful Blanche.

Chapter XVII
Rochester has been gone for a week, and Jane is dismayed to learn that he may choose to depart for continental Europe without returning to Thornfield—according to Mrs. Fairfax, he could be gone for more than a year. A week later, however, Mrs. Fairfax receives word that Rochester will arrive in three days with a large group of guests. While she waits, Jane continues to be amazed by the apparently normal relations the strange, self-isolated Grace Poole enjoys with the rest of the staff. Jane also overhears a conversation in which a few of the servants discuss Grace’s high pay, and Jane is certain that she doesn’t know the entire truth about Grace Poole’s role at Thornfield. Rochester arrives at last, accompanied by a party of elegant and aristocratic guests. Jane is forced to join the group but spends the evening watching them from a window seat. Blanche Ingram and her mother are among the party’s members, and they treat Jane with disdain and cruelty. Jane tries to leave the party, but Rochester stops her. He grudgingly allows her to go when he sees the tears brimming in her eyes. He informs her that she must come into the drawing room every evening during his guests’ stay at Thornfield. As they part, Rochester nearly lets slip more than he intends. “Good-night, my—” he says, before biting his lip.

Chapter XVIII
The guests stay at Thornfield for several days. Rochester and Blanche compete as a team at charades. From watching their interaction, Jane believes that they will be married soon though they do not seem to love one another. Blanche would be marrying Rochester for his wealth, and he for her beauty and her social position. One day, a strange man named Mr. Mason arrives at Thornfield. Jane dislikes him at once because of his vacant eyes and his slowness, but she learns from him that Rochester once lived in the West Indies, as he himself has done. One evening, a gypsy woman comes to Thornfield to tell the guests’ fortunes. Blanche Ingram goes first, and when she returns from her talk with the gypsy woman she looks keenly disappointed.

Chapter XIX
Jane goes in to the library to have her fortune read, and after overcoming her skepticism, she finds herself entranced by the old woman’s speech. The gypsy woman seems to know a great deal about Jane and tells her that she is very close to happiness. She also says that she told Blanche Ingram that Rochester was not as wealthy as he seemed, thereby accounting for Blanche’s sullen mood. As the woman reads Jane’s fortune, her voice slowly deepens, and Jane realizes that the gypsy is Rochester in disguise. Jane reproaches Rochester for tricking her and remembers thinking that Grace Poole might have been the gypsy. When Rochester learns that Mr. Mason has arrived, he looks troubled.

Chapter XX
The same night, Jane is startled by a sudden cry for help. She hurries into the hallway, where Rochester assures everyone that a servant has merely had a nightmare. After everyone returns to bed, Rochester knocks on Jane’s door. He tells her that he can use her help and asks whether she is afraid of blood. He leads her to the third story of the house and shows her Mr. Mason, who has been stabbed in the arm. Rochester asks Jane to stanch the wound and then leaves, ordering Mason and Jane not to speak to one another. In the silence, Jane gazes at the image of the apostles and Christ’s crucifixion that is painted on the cabinet across from her. Rochester returns with a surgeon, and as the men tend to Mason’s wounds, Rochester sends Jane to find a potion downstairs. He gives some of it to Mason, saying that it will give him heart for an hour. Once Mason is gone, Jane and Rochester stroll in the orchard, and Rochester tells Jane a hypothetical story about a young man who commits a “capital error” in a foreign country and proceeds to lead a life of dissipation in an effort to “obtain relief.” The young man then hopes to redeem himself and live morally with a wife, but convention prevents him from doing so. He asks whether the young man would be justified in “overleaping an obstacle of custom.” Jane’s reply is that such a man should look to God for his redemption, not to another person. Rochester—who obviously has been describing his own situation—asks Jane to reassure him that marrying Blanche would bring him salvation. He then hurries away before she has a chance to answer.

Chapter XXI
Jane has heard that it is a bad omen to dream of children, and now she has dreams on seven consecutive nights involving babies. She learns that her cousin John Reed has committed suicide, and that her aunt, Mrs. Reed, has suffered a stroke and is nearing death. Jane goes to Gateshead, where she is reunited with Bessie. She also sees her cousins Eliza and Georgiana. Eliza is plain and plans to enter a convent, while Georgiana is as beautiful as ever. Ever since Eliza ruined Georgiana’s hopes of eloping with a young man, the two sisters have not gotten along. Jane tries to patch things up with Mrs. Reed, but the old woman is still full of hostility toward her late husband’s favorite. One day, Mrs. Reed gives Jane a letter from her father’s brother, John Eyre. He declares that he wishes to adopt Jane and bequeath her his fortune. The letter is three years old; out of malice, Mrs. Reed did not forward it to Jane when she received it. In spite of her aunt’s behavior, Jane tries once more to smooth relations with the dying woman. But Mrs. Reed refuses, and, at midnight, she dies.

Chapter XXII
Jane remains at Gateshead for a month because Georgiana dreads being left alone with Eliza, with whom she does not get along. Eventually, Georgiana goes to London to live with her uncle, and Eliza joins a convent in France. Jane tells us that Eliza eventually becomes the Mother Superior of her convent, while Georgiana marries a wealthy man. At Gateshead, Jane receives a letter from Mrs. Fairfax, which says that Rochester’s guests have departed and that Rochester has gone to London to buy a new carriage—a sure sign of his intention to marry Blanche. As Jane travels toward Thornfield, she anxiously anticipates seeing Rochester again, and yet she worries about what will become of her after his marriage. To her surprise, as she walks from the station at Millcote, Jane encounters Rochester. When he asks her why she has stayed away from Thornfield so long, she replies, still a bit bewildered, “I have been with my aunt, sir, who is dead.” Rochester asks Jane whether she has heard about his new carriage, and he tells her: “You must see the carriage, Jane, and tell me if you don?t think it will suit Mrs. Rochester exactly.” After a few more words together, Jane surprises herself by expressing the happiness she feels in Rochester’s presence: “I am strangely glad to get back again to you; and wherever you are is my home—my only home.” Back at the manor, Mrs. Fairfax, Adele, and the servants greet Jane warmly.

Chapter XXIII
After a blissful two weeks, Jane encounters Rochester in the gardens. He invites her to walk with him, and Jane, caught off guard, accepts. Rochester confides that he has finally decided to marry Blanche Ingram and tells Jane that he knows of an available governess position in Ireland that she could take. Jane expresses her distress at the great distance that separates Ireland from Thornfield. The two seat themselves on a bench at the foot of the chestnut tree, and Rochester says: “we will sit there in peace to-night, though we should never more be destined to sit there together.” He tells Jane that he feels as though they are connected by a “cord of communion.” Jane sobs—“for I could repress what I endured no longer,” she tells us, “I was obliged to yield.” Jane confesses her love for Rochester, and to her surprise, he asks her to be his wife. She suspects that he is teasing her, but he convinces her otherwise by admitting that he only brought up marrying Blanche in order to arouse Jane’s jealousy. Convinced and elated, Jane accepts his proposal. A storm breaks, and the newly engaged couple hurries indoors through the rain. Rochester helps Jane out of her wet coat, and he seizes the opportunity to kiss her. Jane looks up to see Mrs. Fairfax watching, astonished. That night, a bolt of lightning splits the same chestnut tree under which Rochester and Jane had been sitting that evening.

Chapter XXIV
Preparations for Jane and Rochester’s wedding do not run smoothly. Mrs. Fairfax treats Jane coldly because she doesn’t realize that Jane was already engaged to Rochester when she allowed him to kiss her. But even after she learns the truth, Mrs. Fairfax maintains her disapproval of the marriage. Jane feels unsettled, almost fearful, when Rochester calls her by what will soon be her name, Jane Rochester. Jane explains that everything feels impossibly ideal, like a fairy-tale or a daydream. Rochester certainly tries to turn Jane into a Cinderella-like figure: he tells her he will dress her in jewels and in finery befitting her new social station, at which point Jane becomes terrified and self-protective. She has a premonitory feeling that the wedding will not happen, and she decides to write her uncle, John Eyre, who is in Madeira. Jane reasons that if John Eyre were to make her his heir, her inheritance might put her on more equal footing with Rochester, which would make her feel less uncomfortable about the marriage.

Chapter XXV
The night before her wedding, Jane waits for Rochester, who has left Thornfield for the evening. She grows restless and takes a walk in the orchard, where she sees the now-split chestnut tree. When Rochester arrives, Jane tells him about strange events that have occurred in his absence. The preceding evening, Jane’s wedding dress arrived, and underneath it was an expensive veil—Rochester’s wedding gift to Jane. In the night, Jane had a strange dream, in which a little child cried in her arms as Jane tried to make her way toward Rochester on a long, winding road. Rochester dismisses the dream as insignificant, but then she tells him about a second dream. This time, Jane loses her balance and the child falls from her knee. The dream was so disturbing that it roused Jane from her sleep, and she perceived “a form” rustling in her closet. It turned out to be a strange, savage-looking woman, who took Jane’s veil and tore it in two. Rochester tells her that the woman must have been Grace Poole and that what she experienced was really “half-dream, half-reality.” He tells her that he will give her a full explanation of events after they have been married for one year and one day. Jane sleeps with Adèle for the evening and cries because she will soon have to leave the sleeping girl.

Chapter XXVI
Sophie helps Jane dress for the wedding, and Rochester and Jane walk to the church. Jane notes a pair of strangers reading the headstones in the churchyard cemetery. When Jane and Rochester enter the church, the two strangers are also present. When the priest asks if anyone objects to the ceremony, one of the strangers answers: “The marriage cannot go on: I declare the existence of an impediment.” Rochester attempts to proceed with the ceremony, but the stranger explains that Rochester is already married—his wife is a Creole woman whom Rochester wed fifteen years earlier in Jamaica. The speaker explains that he is a solicitor from London, and he introduces himself as Mr. Briggs. He produces a signed letter from Richard Mason affirming that Rochester is married to Mason’s sister, Bertha. Mr. Mason himself then steps forward to corroborate the story. After a moment of inarticulate fury, Rochester admits that his wife is alive and that in marrying Jane he would have been knowingly taking a second wife. No one in the community knows of his wife because she is mad, and Rochester keeps her locked away under the care of Grace Poole. But, he promises them all, Jane is completely ignorant of Bertha’s existence. He orders the crowd to come to Thornfield to see her, so that they may understand what impelled him to his present course of action.

Chapter XXVII
After falling asleep for a short while, Jane awakes to the realization that she must leave Thornfield. When she steps out of her room, she finds Rochester waiting in a chair on the threshold. To Rochester’s assurances that he never meant to wound her, and to his pleas of forgiveness, Jane is silent, although she confides to the reader that she forgave him on the spot. Jane suddenly feels faint, and Rochester carries her to the library to revive her. He then offers her a new proposal—to leave England with him for the South of France, where they will live together as husband and wife. Jane refuses, explaining that no matter how Rochester chooses to view the situation, she will never be more than a mistress to him while Bertha is alive. Rochester realizes that he must explain why he does not consider himself married, and he launches into the story of his past.

Chapter XXVIII
Riding in a coach, Jane quickly exhausts her meager money supply and is forced to sleep outdoors. She spends much of the night in prayer, and the following day she begs for food or a job in the nearby town. No one helps her, except for one farmer who is willing to give her a slice of bread. After another day, Jane sees a light shining from across the moors. Following it, she comes to a house. Through the window, Jane sees two young women studying German while their servant knits. From their conversation Jane learns that the servant is named Hannah and that the graceful young women are Diana and Mary. The three women are waiting for someone named St. John. Jane knocks on the door, but Hannah refuses to let her in. Collapsing on the doorstep in anguish and weakness, Jane cries, “I can but die, and I believe in God. Let me try to wait His will in silence.” A voice answers, “All men must die, but all are not condemned to meet a lingering and premature doom, such as yours would be if you perished here of want.” The voice belongs to “St. John,” who brings Jane into the house. He is the brother of Diana and Mary, and the three siblings give Jane food and shelter. They ask her some questions, and she gives them a false name: “Jane Elliott.”

Chapter XXIX
After she is taken in by the Rivers siblings, Jane spends three days recuperating in bed. On the fourth day, she feels well again and follows the smell of baking bread into the kitchen, where she finds Hannah. Jane criticizes Hannah for judging her unfairly when she asked for help, and Hannah apologizes. Hannah tells the story of Mr. Rivers, the siblings’ father, who lost most of the family fortune in a bad business deal. In turn, Diana and Mary were forced to work as governesses—they are only at Marsh End (or Moor House) now because their father died three weeks ago. Jane then relates some of her own story and admits that Jane Elliott is not her real name. St. John promises to find her a job.

Chapter XXX
Jane befriends Diana and Mary, who admire her drawings and give her books to read. St. John, on the other hand, remains distant and cold, although he is never unkind. After a month, Diana and Mary must return to their posts as governesses. St. John has found a position for Jane, running a charity school for girls in the town of Morton. Jane accepts, but St. John presumes that she will soon leave the school out of restlessness, perhaps because he himself is quite restless. His sisters suspect he will soon leave England for a missionary post overseas. St. John tells his sisters that their Uncle John has died and left them nothing, because all his money went to another, unknown, relative. Jane learns that it was Uncle John who led Mr. Rivers into his disastrous business deal.

Chapter XXXI
At Morton, the wealthy heiress Rosamond Oliver provides Jane with a cottage in which to live. Jane begins teaching, but to her own regret, she finds the work degrading and disappointing. While on a visit to Jane, St. John reveals that he, too, used to feel that he had made the wrong career choice, until one day he heard God’s call. Now he plans to become a missionary. The beautiful Rosamond Oliver then appears, interrupting St. John and Jane’s conversation. From their interaction, Jane believes that Rosamond and St. John are in love.

Chapter XXXII
Jane’s students become more familiar and endeared to her, and Jane becomes quite popular among them. At night, though, she has troubling nightmares that involve Rochester. Jane continues to pay attention to the relationship between St. John and Rosamond, who often visits the school when she knows St. John will be there. Rosamond asks Jane to draw her portrait, and as she is working on it one day, St. John pays her a visit. He gives her a new book of poetry and looks at the drawing. She offers to draw him a duplicate, and then boldly declares that he ought to marry Rosamond. St. John admits that he loves her and is tempted by her beauty, but he explains that he refuses to allow worldly affection to interfere with his holy duties. The flirtatious, silly, and shallow Rosamond would make a terrible wife for a missionary. Suddenly, St. John notices something on the edge of Jane’s paper and tears off a tiny piece—Jane is not certain why. With a peculiar look on his face, he hurries from the room.

Chapter XXXIII
One snowy night, Jane sits reading Marmion when St. John appears at the door. Appearing troubled, he tells Jane the story of an orphan girl who became the governess at Thornfield Hall, then disappeared after nearly marrying Edward Rochester: this runaway governess’s name is Jane Eyre. Until this point, Jane has been cautious not to reveal her past and has given the Rivers a false name. Thus although it is clear that St. John suspects her of being the woman about whom he speaks, she does not immediately identify herself to him. He says that he has received a letter from a solicitor named Mr. Briggs intimating that it is extremely important that this Jane Eyre be found. Jane is only interested in whether Mr. Briggs has sent news of Rochester, but St. John says that Rochester’s well-being is not at issue: Jane Eyre must be found because her uncle, John Eyre, has died, leaving her the vast fortune of 20,000 pounds.

Chapter XXXIV
Jane closes her school for Christmas and spends a happy time with her newfound cousins at Moor House. Diana and Mary are delighted with the improvements Jane has made at the school, but St. John seems colder and more distant than ever. He tells Jane that Rosamond is engaged to a rich man named Mr. Granby. One day, he asks Jane to give up her study of German and instead to learn “Hindustani” with him—the language he is learning to prepare for missionary work in India. As time goes by, St. John exerts a greater and greater influence on Jane; his power over her is almost uncanny. This leaves Jane feeling empty, cold, and sad, but she follows his wishes. At last, he asks her to go to India with him to be a missionary—and to be his wife. She agrees to go to India as a missionary but says that she will not be his wife because they are not in love. St. John harshly insists that she marry him, declaring that to refuse his proposal is the same as to deny the Christian faith. He abruptly leaves the room.

Chapter XXXV
During the following week, St. John continues to pressure Jane to marry him. She resists as kindly as she can, but her kindness only makes him insist more bitterly and unyieldingly that she accompany him to India as his wife. Diana tells Jane that she would be a fool to go to India with St. John, who considers her merely a tool to aid his great cause. After dinner, St. John prays for Jane, and she is overcome with awe at his powers of speech and his influence. She almost feels compelled to marry him, but at that moment she hears what she thinks is Rochester’s voice, calling her name as if from a great distance. Jane believes that something fateful has occurred, and St. John’s spell over her is broken.

Chapter XXXVI
Jane contemplates her supernatural experience of the previous night, wondering whether it was really Rochester’s voice that she heard calling to her and whether Rochester might actually be in trouble. She finds a note from St. John urging her to resist temptation, but nevertheless she boards a coach to Thornfield. She travels to the manor, anxious to see Rochester and reflecting on the ways in which her life has changed in the single year since she left. Once hopeless, alone, and impoverished, Jane now has friends, family, and a fortune. She hurries to the house after her coach arrives and is shocked to find Thornfield a charred ruin. She goes to an inn called the Rochester Arms to learn what has happened. Here, she learns that Bertha Mason set the house ablaze several months earlier. Rochester saved his servants and tried to save his wife, but she flung herself from the roof as the fire raged around her. In the fire, Rochester lost a hand and went blind. He has taken up residence in a house called Ferndean, located deep in the forest, with John and Mary, two elderly servants.

Chapter XXXVII
Jane goes to Ferndean. From a distance, she sees Rochester reach a hand out of the door, testing for rain. His body looks the same, but his face is desperate and disconsolate. Rochester returns inside, and Jane approaches the house. She knocks, and Mary answers the door. Inside, Jane carries a tray to Rochester, who is unable to see her. When he realizes that Jane is in the room with him, he thinks she must be a ghost or spirit speaking to him. When he catches her hand, he takes her in his arms, and she promises never to leave him. The next morning they walk through the woods, and Jane tells Rochester about her experiences the previous year. She has to assure him that she is not in love with St. John. He asks her again to marry him, and she says yes—they are now free from the specter of Bertha Mason. Rochester tells Jane that a few nights earlier, in a moment of desperation, he called out her name and thought he heard her answer. She does not wish to upset him or excite him in his fragile condition, and so she does not tell him about hearing his voice at Moor House.

Chapter XXXVIII
Jane and Rochester marry with no witnesses other than the parson and the church clerk. Jane writes to her cousins with the news. St. John never acknowledges what has happened, but Mary and Diana write back with their good wishes. Jane visits Adèle at her school, and finds her unhappy. Remembering her own childhood experience, Jane moves Adèle to a more congenial school, and Adèle grows up to be a very pleasant and mild-mannered young woman. Jane writes that she is narrating her story after ten years of marriage to Rochester, which she describes as inexpressibly blissful. They live as equals, and she helps him to cope with his blindness. After two years, Rochester begins to regain his vision in one eye, and when their first child—a boy—is born, Rochester is able to see the baby. Jane writes that Diana and Mary have both found husbands and that St. John went to India as he had planned. She notes that in his last letter, St. John claimed to have had a premonition of his own approaching death. She does not believe that she will hear from St. John again, but she does not grieve for him, saying that he has fulfilled his promise and done God’s work. She closes her book with a quote from his letter.

The Adventures of Kintaro, the Golden Boy
The heroic adventures of Kintaro.

The Bamboo-Cutter and the Moon-Child
A bamboo cutter finds a small, luminescent girl, and raises her as Princess Moonlight. She refuses all suitors, befriends the Emperor, and eventually returns to her rightful home, the Moon.

The Farmer and the Badger
A badger kills a farmer’s wife, and the farmer asks a rabbit to get revenge for him.

The Goblin of Adachigahara
A priest looks for lodging in the night and is given shelter by an old woman. She goes to gather more wood, and she tells him not to look in the back room. Curiosity gets the better of him, and he looks in the room and sees horrible things. He realizes she is the Goblin of Adachigahara, and flees. She chases him through the night, but he prays to Buddha and keeps running. Morning dawns, making the goblin disappear, and the priest is safe.

The Happy Hunter and the Skillful Fisher
The brothers The Happy Hunter and The Skillful Fisherman change occupational places one day. The Hunter does not know how to fish, and loses his brother’s hook. The Skillful Fisherman is very angry and demands his hook back. The Hunter searches and searches to no avail, until an old man appears and tells him to travel to the Sea King’s realm to find the hook. He does so, and finds the hook and makes many new friends. He stays in the Sea King’s realm for three years, and then he returns to land. He gives the hook to his brother, and the brother is angry that he no longer has an excuse to steal his brother’s wealth and title. The Skillful Fisherman then plots to kill his brother, but the Happy Hunter thwarts his plan by using talismans given to him by the Sea King. The Skillful Fisherman is thus impressed by his brother’s power and vows to be obedient to him from then on.

The Jelly Fish and the Monkey
The jelly fish, who originally had a shell and four legs, fails in a mission for the Dragon King of the Sea. As punishment his bones are removed, and he is beaten into a pulp. Thus the modern jelly fish was created.

The Mirror of Matsuyama
A husband gives his wife a mirror, and when she is on her deathbed, she gives it to her daughter. The daughter thinks she sees her mother’s soul in it and spends much time staring into it after her father remarries. The stepmother begins resenting the daughter’s relationship with her father and starts to hate her; she thinks the daughter is doing black magic to curse her, and she tells the father of it. The father confronts the daughter, and he finally realizes that the daughter is innocent and is simply still brokenhearted over her mother’s death. The stepmother is moved by the daughter’s story to renounce her hate, and the father, stepmother, and daughter finally become a happy family.

Momotaro, or the Story of the Son of a Peach
An old woman finds a large peach in a river, and when she and her husband cut it open to eat it, they find a child inside. They are overjoyed to now have a son to ease their lonely days. When the boy is fifteen, he goes off to rid the land of devils who live on an island, and takes a dog, a monkey, and a pheasant with him. He is victorious over the devils and returns home to live happily with his parents.

My Lord Bag of Rice
A Japanese warrior defends the Dragon King by killing his enemy, the monster centipede. In gratitude the Dragon King gives the warrior several presents, including a bag of rice that never runs out, and he comes to be known as My Lord Bag of Rice.

The Ogre of Rashomon
A brave warrior fights an ogre, cutting off his arm. The ogre runs away, and the warrior keeps the arm as a prize. Later, the warrior’s old nurse appears at his door and pleads to see the arm. He lets her, and she grabs it, turning into the ogre. The ogre thus gets away with his arm, and is scared enough of the warrior that he never troubles the city again.

The Quarrel of the Monkey and the Crab
The monkey and the crab were playing along the river. The monkey finds a persimmon seed and the crab a rice dumpling; the monkey convinces the crab to exchange the items. The crab grows a tree from the seed, and asks the monkey to help him pick the fruit. The monkey is greedy, and eats all the fruit and then throws hard seeds at the crab, killing him. The crab’s son plans revenge on the monkey, eventually killing him.

The Sagacious Monkey and the Boar
An old monkey is to be sent to the butcher by his master, since his age has caused him to stop performing as well as he used to. The monkey overhears this plan and goes to a boar for advice. The boar comes up with a plan: The boar will steal the couple’s child, and the monkey will run after him and rescue the child, thus earning the family’s love and respect for the rest of his days. The plan works.

The Shinansha, or the South Pointing Carriage
How the Emperor Kotei invented many useful things, defeated his enemy, and went to Heaven on the back of a Dragon.

The Stones of Five Colors and the Empress Jokwa
A Chinese Empress quells an uprising and then has to mend the heavens and the pillars that hold up the sky.

The Story of Prince Yamato Take
A story of how Prince Take got his name and many of his daring deeds.

The Story of Princess Hase
How Princess Hase was conceived and lived her good life.

The Story of the Man Who Did Not Wish to Die
How Sentaro was taught not to covet unending life.

The Story of the Old Man Who Made Withered Trees to Flower
A childless couple love their dog very dearly, and the dog finds gold coins buried under their tree. The old man is grateful and loves his dog even more. The man has a very jealous and hateful neighbor, who tries to copy his neighbor’s luck by borrowing the dog and making him dig. The hateful man finds only garbage, and kills the dog in rage. The good man asks for the tree in remembrance of his dog, and the tree’s wood is made into a mortar that produces unending food. The jealous neighbor asks to borrow it and destroys it when it won’t also give him food. More events continue until the good man is eventually given riches by a lord for his kindness to him, and when the hateful man tries to copy the kindness, he is arrested as an imposter and jailed forever, thus finally being punished for his crimes.

The Story of Urashima Taro, the Fisher Lad
How disobedience ruined the life of Urashima Taro.

The Tongue-Cut Sparrow
A fairy sparrow teaches a cross old woman a lesson.

The White Hare and the Crocodiles
A hare deceives many crocodiles, then mocks them, and the crocodiles pull out all of his fur in retaliation. The hare is suffering, and a fairy man comes along and tells him to bathe in the sea and lie in the sun to recover his fur, but the man was spiteful and his advice only increases the hare’s pain. A kind fairy man comes by and listens to the hare’s sad story, telling him his pain is the consequence of his behavior to the crocodiles. The hare agrees and repents, and the kind man tells him how to heal his wounds and regrow his fur. The hare correctly predicts that the princess the other men were off seeking would deny them and instead choose the kind man for her husband.

PREFACE


CHAPTER I. THE PROFESSOR AND HIS FAMILY


Chapter II. A MYSTERY TO BE SOLVED AT ANY PRICE


Chapter III. THE RUNIC WRITING EXERCISES THE PROFESSOR


Chapter IV. THE ENEMY TO BE STARVED INTO SUBMISSION


Chapter V. FAMINE, THEN VICTORY, FOLLOWED BY DISMAY


Chapter VI. EXCITING DISCUSSIONS ABOUT AN UNPARALLELED ENTERPRISE


Chapter VII. A WOMAN'S COURAGE


Chapter VIII. SERIOUS PREPARATIONS FOR VERTICAL DESCENT


Chapter IX. ICELAND! BUT WHAT NEXT?


CHAPTER X. INTERESTING CONVERSATIONS WITH ICELANDIC SAVANTS


Chapter XI. A GUIDE FOUND TO THE CENTRE OF THE EARTH


Chapter XII. A BARREN LAND


Chapter XIII. HOSPITALITY UNDER THE ARCTIC CIRCLE


Chapter XIV. BUT ARCTICS CAN BE INHOSPITABLE, TOO


Chapter XV. SNÆFELL AT LAST


Chapter XVI. BOLDLY DOWN THE CRATER


CHAPTER XVII. VERTICAL DESCENT


Chapter XVIII. THE WONDERS OF TERRESTRIAL DEPTHS


Chapter XIX. GEOLOGICAL STUDIES IN SITU


Chapter XX. THE FIRST SIGNS OF DISTRESS


Chapter XXI. COMPASSION FUSES THE PROFESSOR'S HEART


Chapter XXII. TOTAL FAILURE OF WATER


Chapter XXIII. WATER DISCOVERED


Chapter XXIV. WELL SAID, OLD MOLE! CANST THOU WORK I' THE GROUND SO FAST?


Chapter XXV. DE PROFUNDIS


Chapter XXVI. THE WORST PERIL OF ALL


Chapter XXVII. LOST IN THE BOWELS OF THE EARTH


Chapter XXVIII. THE RESCUE IN THE WHISPERING GALLERY


Chapter XXIX. THALATTA! THALATTA!


Chapter XXX. A NEW MARE INTERNUM


Chapter XXXI. PREPARATIONS FOR A VOYAGE OF DISCOVERY


Chapter XXXII. WONDERS OF THE DEEP


Chapter XXXIII. A BATTLE OF MONSTERS


Chapter XXXIV. THE GREAT GEYSER


Chapter XXXV. AN ELECTRIC STORM


CHAPTER XXXVI. CALM PHILOSOPHIC DISCUSSIONS


CHAPTER XXXVII. THE LIEDENBROCK MUSEUM OF GEOLOGY


CHAPTER XXXVIII. THE PROFESSOR IN HIS CHAIR AGAIN


CHAPTER XXXIX. FOREST SCENERY ILLUMINATED BY ELETRICITY


CHAPTER XL. PREPARATIONS FOR BLASTING A PASSAGE TO THE CENTRE OF THE EARTH


CHAPTER XLI. THE GREAT EXPLOSION AND THE RUSH DOWN BELOW


CHAPTER XLII. HEADLONG SPEED UPWARD THROUGH THE HORRORS OF DARKNESS


CHAPTER XLIII. SHOT OUT OF A VOLCANO AT LAST!


CHAPTER XLIV. SUNNY LANDS IN THE BLUE MEDITERRANEAN


CHAPTER XLV. ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL


Act 1, Scene 1
Flavius and Murellus downplay the accomplishments of Julius Caesar as they scold the local commoners.

Act 1, Scene 2
Caesar receives a warning. Cassius and Brutus discuss Caesar. Cassius devises a plan to sway Brutus.

Act 1, Scene 3
Casca and Cicero discuss the strange occurrences of late. Casca informs Cassius of the senate's plans. Cassius tells Casca of his scheme to sway Brutus.

Act 2, Scene 1
Brutus fears that power will change Caesar. Brutus receives a letter. Cassius pays a visit to Brutus accompanied by men of a common goal.

Act 2, Scene 2
Calpurnia makes a request of Caesar after having an unsettling dream. Decius confides a secret in Caesar.

Act 2, Scene 3
Artemidorus waits for Caesar.

Act 2, Scene 4
Portia sends a servent to the Senate before talking with the Soothsayer.

Act 3, Scene 1
Caesar dismisses Artemidorus' warning. The plot is carried out as Antony flees. Antony sends a message to Brutus. Cassius continues to doubt the loyalty of Antony as Caesar's funeral approaches. Antony sends a warning to Octavius.

Act 3, Scene 2
Brutus makes a speech to the crowd explaining his actions. After Brutus departs, Antony gives the funeral oration for Caesar. Octavius' servant brings news to Antony.

Act 3, Scene 3
Cinna the poet is the victim of mistaken identity.

Act 4, Scene 1
Antony, Octavius, and Lepidus gather to discuss the fates of the conspirators. Anthony harbors doubts about his fellow Roman. Octavius and Antony discuss the impending confrontation with Brutus and Cassius.

Act 4, Scene 2
Angered by the condemnation of a friend, Cassius arrives to speak with Brutus.

Act 4, Scene 3
Brutus and Cassius' allegiance is tested. Brutus receives a message from Messala. As Cassius marches his troops into battle, Brutus is visited by an unexpected guest.

Act 5, Scene 1
Octavius and Antony confront Brutus and Cassius as they prepare for battle. Cassius is affected by some recent bad omens. Brutus and Cassius ponder the possible outcomes of the battle.

Act 5, Scene 2
Brutus, perceiving a weakness in Octavius' army, sends a message to Cassius.

Act 5, Scene 3
Cassius, believing Brutus has been captured, asks a favor of Pindarus. Brutus continues to fight Antony and Octavius.

Act 5, Scene 4
Brutus prepares for another battle with Antony and Octavius. Antony sends men to verify whether Brutus is alive.

Act 5, Scene 5
Brutus orders his men to retreat before asking a final favor of one of his soldiers. Upon discovering Brutus, Antony speaks of Brutus' virtues and makes a decision in regards to the fate of his men.

Chapter 1
Jurgis and Ona celebrate their wedding, however so little money is received from the guest that Jurgis can't pay for the reception. Jurgis vows to work harder. Jurgis and Ona's past in Lithuania is revisited.

Chapter 2
Jurgis looks for work and is temporarily hired at Brown and Company. More of Jurgis's and Ona's life in Lithuania is revisited. Their decision to immigrate to Chicago is met with a series of encounters with corrupt agents and officials.

Chapter 3
Jurgis gets a job at Packingtown. Jurgis witnesses the processes inside a beef and pork packing plant.

Chapter 4
Jurgis reports to the plant as Jonas and Marija both continue to look for employment. Jurgis purchases a house.

Chapter 5
The expense of owning the house begins to absorb all of the family's money, while Jurgis is approached by union personnel. Both Antanas and Marija find jobs, however the circumstances surrounding each job are questionable.

Chapter 6
Jurgis is told the history of his house, only to learn it is neither new or bought at a fair price. Ona and Stanislova secure jobs. Jurgis and Ona begin planning for their wedding.

Chapter 7
Jurgis and Ona finally marry. Ona and Elzbiata are constantly sick, while Antanas develops a cough and open sores from work. The harsh winter in Packingtown intensifies the hardships of the family.

Chapter 8
Jurgis is once again confronted by union representatives and agrees to join. Jurgis convinces the rest of the family to join the union as the becomes deeply devoted to its cause.

Chapter 9
Jurgis learns english as his involvement in the union increases. Jurgis is encouraged to vote. Jurgis becomes aware of the many corrupt practices that are prevalent in various industries.

Chapter 10
House expenses continue to trouble Jurgis and his family. Ona, who has become pregnant and given birth to a son, is in poor health after returning to work too soon to recover from child birth.

Chapter 11
Jurgis learns of the "Beef Trust". A harsh winter falls on the city, once again taking a toll on Jurgis and his family. Jurgis misses work after spraining his ankle.

Chapter 12
Jurgis returns to work and experiences a worse injury than before. Strikes, weather and injuries prevent Ona, Stanislova, and Jurgis from working. Ona's health deteriorates quickly, as Jurgis finds himself in the ranks of the unemployed.

Chapter 13
Elzibieta's youngest son passes away. Jurgis accepts a job at the fertilizer factory, suffering from physical illness almost immediately. Elzbieta finds work so her remaining sons can return to school.

Chapter 14
Jurgis and his family continue to witness corruption in their respective jobs. Jurgis decides to drink rather than deal with his problems. Ona's health continues to decline.

Chapter 15
When Ona fails to come home from work one night, Jurgis learns that she is being taken advantage of by Connor, one of her supervisors. Jurgis attempts to kill Connor in a fit of rage, only to be arrested.

Chapter 16
Jurgis is charged with assault and battery, and spends Christmas Eve in jail.

Chapter 17
Jurgis is sentenced to thirty days in jail. Stanislova visits Jurgis in jail.

Chapter 18
Jurgis returns to his house after he is released from prison, only to find that someone else has bought it. Jurgis finds the family at the Widow Jukniene's house. Ona goes into labor early and the family cannot afford a midwife.

Chapter 19
Jurgis returns with a midwife, but the baby is dead and Ona is dying. After Ona's death, Jurgis leaves the house intending to drink.

Chapter 20
Jurgis is unemployable, having been blacklisted. Jurgis eventually finds employment, only to be laid-off in less than two weeks.

Chapter 21
Jurgis begins working at a steel mill, however the distance to work only allows him to see his family on the weekends. Marija and Elzbieta both find work as the family prepares for the upcoming winter. Jurgis experiences another tragedy.

Chapter 22
Jurgis jumps aboard a freight train in a state of shock. In the country Jurgis becomes a vagabond, stealing just to survive. After witnessing a mother and child, Jurgis breaks down.

Chapter 23
Jurgis returns to Packingtown and finds work digging tunnels. An injury and hospital stay force Jurgis to become a beggar.

Chapter 24
Jurgis is invited home by an intoxicated man who gives him a hundred dollar bill. Jurgis recognizes the man as the son of a former supervisor at the packing plant.

Chapter 25
Jurgis' money is stolen by a dishonest bartender. Jurgis is imprisoned again after assaulting the bartender. Jack encounters Jack Duane for the second time while in prison. After his release from prison, Jurgis begins to work for organized crime.

Chapter 26
Jurgis becomes a scab, undermining a union strike. Jurgis' financial prosperity ends after he assaults Connor a second time. Jurgis is promptly beaten and arrested for the third time.

Chapter 27
Essentially homeless, Jurgis runs into a woman who attended his wedding and is given Marija's address. Jurgis visits Marija right before the police arrive to raid the house. Jurgis learns that Marija has been working as a prostitute and is addicted to morphine. Jurgis is arrested again.

Chapter 28
Jurgis attends another political meeting and is revitalized by the message.

Chapter 29
Jurgis meets the speaker and eventually introduced to Comrade Ostrinski. Ostrinski explains the concept of socialism to Jurgis.

Chapter 30
Jurgis visits Elzbieta. Jurgis finds work as a hotel porter and continues to learn about socialism from his co-workers.

Chapter 31
Jurgis pleads Marija to quit the brothel, but she refuses. Jurgis attends a Socialist Party function the day before nationwide election. Election results show promise for the socialist movement.

"The Beginning of the Armadillos"
Tortoise and Painted Jaguar come across a new kind of creature in the woods and try to decide what it is with the help of Mother Jaguar.

"The Butterfly that Stamped"
The story involves King Solomon, a butterfly and their wives and the question of keeping up appearences in front of one’s spouse.

"The Cat that Walked by Himself"
A story about the animals in the Wet Wild Woods and how the cat that walked helped domesticate all the wild animals.

"The Crab that Played with the Sea"
The Eldest Magician helps the Man with the flooding problem caused by Pau Amma, the monster crab.

"The Sing-Song of Old Man Kangaroo"
Why the kangaroo is very fast on land.

"The Elephant's Child"
How elephants got trunks, and how the Elephant’s Child learned to like his new feature.

"How the Whale Got His Throat"
A whale eats a crafty man, who finds a way to escape and dam up the whale’s throat.

"How the Camel Got His Hump"
A camel refuses to work and only says “humph” in response to requests for work...so a Dijnn gives him a “humph” as punishment for laziness.

"How the First Letter Was Written"
A drawing leads to misunderstanding then friendship.

"How the Alphabet Was Made"
Neolithic man Tegumai Bopsulai is out fishing with his daughter Taffy whose attempt to send a message in a drawing leads to complete misunderstanding. Taffy suggests a way of representing the sounds of the Tegumai language in pictograms. Together she and her father evolve a system using familiar objects and facial expressions, which when simplified become letters of the alphabet.

"How the Leopard Got His Spots"
How a leopard and an Ethiopian hunter changed the color of their skin to help them hunting the animals of the High Veldt.

"How the Rhinoceros Got His Skin"
Extreme itching wrinkles the rhino’s skin.

Part 1
A folk tale about three brothers. The two elder brothers are terrible to the younger and to the people of the town. The younger brother is good-natured and invites a strange man into the house one evening. The other two show him no hospitality and lose everything because of their bad temperaments.

Part 2
Gluck’s two evil brothers decide to become blacksmiths after the Southwest Wind prevents rain from touching the farmland. Gluck is forced to melt down his gold mug which is the King of the Golden River. He offers Gluck advice on how to turn the river to pure gold with holy water and warns him of the consequences should he add unholy water.

Part 3
Hans, one of the older brothers, attempts to turn the Golden River to pure gold and because of his terrible nature, fails and is turned to stone by the river.

Part 4
Schwartz, the second older brother, set out to try and turn the river to pure gold. He too fails because of his bad nature and turns to stone like Hans.

Part 5
Gluck attempts to turn the river to gold and succeeds because he is charitable to the thirsty people and animals he meets alonng the way (unlike his brothers). The holy water of which the king had spoken, was the water of mercy.

Author's Introduction
The Author’s introduction is presented to the reader, giving some some insight into the interaction between native tribes and white settlers.

Chapter 1
The French and Indian war rages on as the author describes the many dangers of the land surrounding the Fort William Henry.

Chapter 2
Magua agrees to lead Alice, Cora, and Major Heyward to Fort William Henry by means of a secret path. The group encounters an interesting stranger along the way.

Chapter 3
Hawkeye, the white hunter, and Chingachgook, a mohican, discuss current events while Uncas trails Maqua tribesmen. The hear a party is approaching on horseback.

Chapter 4
Heyward and Hawkeye’s groups encounter each other. Hawkeye becomes suspicious of Magua. Attempts to capture the traitorous Huron are unsuccessful.

Chapter 5
Maqua escapes capture. Hawkeye guides the group to safety rather than risk an encounter with enemy tribes.

Chapter 6
The group rest in the Mohican hideout. As they sleep a strange cry is heard. Hawkeye goes out to investigate.

Chapter 7
Nearby wolves make Hawkeye fearful that the enemy is close. The group leaves the hideout seeking refuge elsewhere.

Chapter 8
An Iroquois attack wounds Gamut and Heyward. Cora devises a plan.

Chapter 9
Heyward, Cora, Alice, and Gamut attempt to hide from the enemy, but are eventually discovered by Magua and taken prisoner.

 Chapter 10
The prisoners are questioned and moved to a tactical position near the shore. Cora attempts to assist Hawkeye and his companions, but is caught and reprimanded.

Chapter 11
Heyward makes a plea for the women’s release. Magua’s true intentions become more apparent. Hawkeye arrives just in time.

Chapter 12
Hawkeye and the Mohicans defeat the Hurons and rescue the captured members of the group. Magua escapes as the group continues to move towards the safety of the fort.

Chapter 13
The group rests at the site of an old battle. Hawkeye reveals a fact about Uncas and Chingachgook. The group continues in the direction of the fort.

Chapter 14
A battle between the English and French puts the group in harms way as they move towards the fort. Munro and his daughters are reunited.

Chapter 15
The siege of Fort William Henry rages on. Hawkeye has been captured by the French. A meeting with Munro is requested by the French leader, Montcalm.

Chapter 16
As Heyward relays Montcalm’s message, Munro accuses Heyward of prejudice and reveals a secret about his daughter’s heritage. A deal is struck between Montcalm and Munro.

Chapter 17
The English leave the fort only to encounter a ruthless attack by the Indians. In the chaos that follows, Maqua takes another hostage.

Chapter 18
A search commences for the missing women. Hawkeye warns Heyward not to be too hasty in his actions.

 Chapter 19
The search party camp at the ruing of the fort. Chingachgook and Uncas encounter hostiles. A plan is devised to search for the missing women.

Chapter 20
A detour attracts the attention of some Huron Indians. Quick thinking by Hawkeye allows the group to evade the enemy.

Chapter 21
The group continues tracking Magua. Disaster is narrowly averted when Gamut is discovered in the forest.

 Chapter 22
Gamut tells Hawkeye the women have been taken to separate locations. Gamut and Heyward intend to get a message to the women.

Chapter 23
Heyward infiltrates the Huron camp. A captured Uncas escapes with help from Heyward.

Chapter 24
Heyward continues to search for Alice. Magua's arrival in camp does no bode well for Uncas.

Chapter 25
A disguised Hawkeye makes himself known to Heyward. Alice’s location is discovered. Alice and Heyward depart camp as Hawkeye stays to assist Uncas.

Chapter 26
A change of disguises allows Uncas to escape a dire fate. Hawkeye trusts that the Huron’:s superstitions will save Gamut.

Chapter 27
The Hurons discover Uncas has escaped. Magua and the dead woman are discovered in the cave. Magua persuades the Hurons to follow his lead once more.

 Chapter 28
Magua visits the Delaware in search of Cora. Magua attempts to turn the Delaware against Hawkeye.

Chapter 29
Heyward attempts to protect Hawkeye, leading to a contest of marksmanship. Cora makes a plea to Tamenund.

 Chapter 30
Uncas’ mistaken identity saves all but one prisoner from Magua’s grasp. The group vows to pursue Magua.

Chapter 31
Uncas prepares the Delaware for battle. Gamut arrives with news of Cora’s location. Hawkeye has a plan.

Chapter 32
Hawkeye, Uncas, and the Delaware warriors battle the Hurons. Cora is located, but all does not go as planned. Magua attempts to escape once more.

Chapter 33
Munro and Chingachgook mourn their losses. Tamenund laments the end of the Mohican bloodline.

Preface
The preface to the book.

Chapter 1: "George Peacock"
A biography of George Peacock.

Chapter 2: "Augustus De Morgan"
A biography of Augustus De Morgan.

Chapter 3: "Sir William Rowan Hamilton"
A biography of Sir William Rowan Hamilton.

Chapter 4: "George Boole"
A biography of George Boole.

Chapter 5: "Arthur Cayley"
A biography of Arthur Cayley.

Chapter 6: "William Kingdon Clifford"
A biography of William Kingdon Clifford.

Chapter 7: "Henry John Stephen Smith"
A biography of Henry John Stephen Smith.

Chapter 8: "James Joseph Sylvester"
A biography of James Joseph Sylvester.

Chapter 9: "Thomas Penyngton Kirkman"
A biography of Thomas Penyngton Kirkman.

Chapter 10: "Isaac Todhunter"
A biography of Isaac Todhunter.

Story 1: “What! No Children?”
A king and queen have no children. The king becomes very upset with the queen and finally she gives him a beautiful daughter.

Story 2: “Won’t I Just?”
The king forgets to invite his sister to the christening of his new child. She becomes very angry and puts a curse on the little princess.

Story 3: “She Can’t Be Ours!”
The king and queen discover the princess has been bewitched when she appears weightless and floats when they release her.

 Story 4: “Where Is She?”
An anecdote about the young princess. She floats out of the open window as she sleeps and causes a panic among the inhabitants of the castle.

Story 5: “What Is to Be Done?”
The king and the queen quarrel about what is to be done about the curse on their princess. The king tries to apologize to his sister, but she tells him to mend his ways and be patient.

Story 6: “She Laughs Too Much”
The princess grows normally even though she is weightless. She never sees the seriousness of situations and can only laugh, although she never smiles.

Story 7: “Try Metaphysics”
The king and queen continue to worry about her condition and consult two Chinese philosophers. However, they decide not to subject her to their crazy solutions.

Story 8: “Try a Drop of Water”
It is discovered that the princess gains gravity in water. Therefore, the two Chinese philosophers determine that she may be cured if she should cry because it is a deeper source of water.

Story 9: “Put Me in Again!”
The princess meets a very selective prince. He immediately falls in love with her quirky personality and surreal condition as they swim in the lake beside the palace.

Story 10: “Look at the Moon”
The prince and princess grow closer as they swim together in the lake. He speaks to her about love, and although she laughs, she becomes more like a modest maiden.

Story 11: “Hiss!”
When the princess goes swimming, she realizes the lake is draining away. The witch-princess who cursed her is ensuring her misery by taking away the lake that was her only joy.

Story 12: “Where Is the Prince?”
As the lake drains away, the princess becomes more and more flighty. She becomes sickly and cannot remember the prince or her mother and father. The only solution is for a man to willingly give his life to stop the hole in the lake.

Story 13: “Here I Am!”
The prince decides to offer himself as the sacrifice for the princess and her lake.

Story 14: “This Is Very Kind of You”
The prince wedges himself in the hole and is nearly drowned and unconscious when the princess saves him from his dark fate.

Story 15: “Look at the Rain!”
The princess sobs over her prince and with that, she falls for the first time. It begins to rain outside and the lake fills as she gains her gravity. The princess learns to walk and she married the prince. They live happily ever after.

An Autobiographical Sketch by Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln enjoyed telling stories of his youth and early manhood, but he wrote very little about himself. The following is the longest statement he has set down anywhere about his own life. And he did this only at the earnest request of a fellow citizen in Illinois, Mr. Fell.

The Boy’s Life of Lincoln
A short biographical sketch of Abe Lincoln.

The Gettysburg Address
Speech given by Abraham Lincoln on November 19, 1863 at the dedication of the Gettysburg National Cemetery in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania.

Oration in Memory of Abraham Lincoln, Washington, D.C., April 14, 1876
Frederick Douglass speaks at the unveiling of the Lincoln Monument (now known as the Emancipation Memorial) in Washington, D.C., April 14, 1876. The monument was paid for solely with funds donated from freed slaves.

“When Little Bear Bragged”
After his mother told him the story about the tortoise and the hare, Little Bear became boastful. His father challenged him to race Grandpa Tortoise and after becoming distracted, Little Bear lost the race.

“When Mother Skunk Helped Little Bear”
On his way home, Little Bear saw two hunters with guns and was frightened. Mother Skunk saw him and walked him along the path near the two hunters causing the two men to stay motionless. Little Bear was able to run home safely.

“Three Bears Come to Breakfast”
Little Bear suggests that the three bears go out for a morning walk before breakfast. While walking, they find a campsite and try the food left in the pot. They discover a new love for prunes and sing a cheerful song about it.

“When Little Bear Would Not Work”
Little Bear learns to do his work.

“How Little Bear Learned To Swim”
Little Bear learns to overcome his fear of water.

“Little Bear and the Lost Otter Baby”
Little Bear helps an otter baby find his family.

“When Little Bear Visited School”
Little Bear looks in a schoolhouse window and scares the children.

“Little Bear Gets His Wish”
Little Bear causes his father to lose a fish.

 “Little Bear’s Promise”
Little Bear wants to be rid of caterpillars.

“Little Bear’s Surprise Party”
A little bear is so happy about his surprise party that he goes into hibernation sleep early, but happy.

Chapter 1
There is a christening and the nurse drops the newborn prince. the Queen dies.

Chapter 2
The young prince’s legs stopped growing causing him unable to stand or walk. The King dies and the Prince Regent (the King’s brother) comes to power until the prince is of age. They hold a funeral for Prince Dolor.

Chapter 3
We find that young Prince Dolor is not dead, but living with a nurse in Nomansland (a deserted country). His uncle faked the funeral having a wax figure of the Prince created. Dolor meets his godmother and she gives him a traveling cloak.

Chapter 4
Dolor would hide the traveling cloak in the cupboard. His godmother introduces herself as Stuff and Nonsense. She showed the young prince the mysteries of the cloak—which he didn’t understand at all.

Chapter 5
Prince Dolor finds that the magical traveling cloak can fly and can grant his wishes. He receives a pair of golden spectacles to see things he’d never seen before.

Chapter 6
The cloak takes him to other countries and he receieves a pair of silver ears (which will let him hear things he’d never heard before). He also sees another boy for the first time.

Chapter 7
Prince Dolor grows up. The nurse tells the prince about his past and that he is, in fact, a king. He meets a bird named Mag. The prince desires to meet the king.

Chapter 8
Prince Dolor goes to see the king and finds that he has died and a revolution is occurring amongst the townspeople. Dolor regrets wanting to see the world.

Chapter 9
The Prince awakens to find his nurse gone. The townspeople rejoice at the news that the prince was alive. The godmother appears to him again and tells him about the many forms she has taken to watch over him.

Chapter 10
Dolor became a great king and continued to fly his cloak as he grew older. He continued a long and happy reign and when he grew tired at the end of his life, his godmother took him away to Nomansland along with his magical traveling cloak.

“The Invisible Prince”
An evil prince and his mother, the queen, conspire to kill the prince’s brother who is good, kind, and handsome. The good prince (Leander) befriends a snake, which turns into a beautiful fairy. The fairy gives him a magical cap that can turn him invisible.

“Prince Cherry”
A white fairy befriends a young prince. The fairy gave the prince a ring and tells him that whenever he did something unkind, the ring would prick his finger and he would lose her friendship. After several unkind deeds she turned him into a dog. Only changing his ways would bring him back to his handsome self.

“The Prince with the Nose”
Because of a magician’s enchanted spell, a prince was born with a very long nose. He grows up to marry a beautiful princess, but the magician takes her away before the wedding. He travels all over the world in search of her and meets a rude fairy princess. He spies his princess behind a glass wall, but it wasn’t until he was able to admit to his nose’s size that the wall would break and he could marry his bride.

“The Frog-Prince”
A spoiled princess reluctantly befriends a frog, who magically transforms into a handsome prince.

“Clever Alice”
Clever Alice intends to marry Hans, but worries a great deal. First about a hatchet possibly killing her future child. Then her husband plays a trick on her when he sees her napping when she should be working. She becomes disoriented and unsure of her identity and runs from the town forever.

Chapter 1: Sara
After arriving from India by ship, Captaing Crewe reluctantly leaves his daughter in the care of Miss Minchin.

Chapter 2: A French Lesson
The rest of the girls are introduced to Sara Crewe. Sara's first French lesson does not go as Miss Minchin planned.

Chapter 3: Ermengarde
Sara introduces herself to Ermengarde.

Chapter 4: Lottie
Sara's presence at the school upsets Lavinia. Sara agrees to help Lottie.

Chapter 5: Becky
Lottie is caught listening to Sara's story telling, upsetting Lavinia.

 Chapter 6: The Diamond Mines
In one of Captain Crewe's letters, he reveals an interesting story causing much excitement in all the girls.

Chapter 7: The Diamond Mines Again
Sara requests for Becky to stay while she opens her birthday presents.

Chapter 8: In the Attic
Sara begins her new life as a servant.

Chapter 9: Melchisedec
Lottie is confused by Sara's change in status.

Chapter 10: The Indian Gentleman
Sara is startled into realizing that she looks like the poor children she had seen in her better days.

Chapter 11: Ram Dass
Sara watches as the Indian gentleman moves into his new home.

Chapter 12: The Other Side of the Wall
Sara has become fond of the Large Family.

Chapter 13: One of the Populace
Sara begins a story about the tropical forest, in response to the cold weather.

Chapter 14: What Melchisedec Heard and Saw
Ram Dass describes his fascination of Sara.

Chapter 15: The Magic
Miss Minchin scolds the cook, which results in Sara being on the wrong end of the cooks temper.

Chapter 16: The Visitor
Most are shocked to find Sara well and the same even after a meal's deprivation.

Chapter 17: “It Is the Child!”
The Large Family children tell the Indian gentleman about their little un-fairy princess.

Chapter 18: “I Tried Not to Be”
All realize that if Sara had revealed her entire name, she would have been found much sooner.

Chapter 19: Anne
Recounting of the tales of how things came to be for both Sara and the Large Family.

